Hello freaks.
This episode of the Joe Rogan experience is brought to you by Squarespace.
Do you need a website?
If you don't need a website,
most likely you're fucking lazy and you need to get that thing that you've been
thinking about doing and go ahead and fucking do it,
man.
Just do it.
And if you wanted to get a website,
you no longer have to go to a company to get a website.
You can make your own website.
When I say you,
I mean morons like me could make their own website.
It's simple.
Drag and drop interface makes it so that a regular person can make a website
super easily.
Now,
this was science fiction just a few years ago,
ladies and gentlemen,
but Squarespace has brought it into the 24th century.
First 21st almost like it's a 24th century.
Imagine what website is going to be like 300 years from now.
It's going to be very weird.
It's not going to be a website's going to be a memory.
It's going to be on your brain.
By the way,
my website is built by Squarespace.
There you go.
Powerful.
Powerful credits.
dog.com built by Squarespace.
Yeah,
I know a lot of people who's shit is built by Squarespace.
It was fun.
I met with the Squarespace people and they were like,
we got a um,
uh,
what's it called?
A ticket.
What kind of ticket is it?
Support.
We've got a support ticket for Duncan Trussell.
We're like Duncan Trussell.
He's,
he's Squarespace.
It's so cool.
It's,
it's a really top notch way to build your own website and you can make a website
that's totally uniquely professional and they have a bunch of different options
as far as how to do it.
Um,
that you also use your own images.
I mean,
it couldn't really be any easier and more awesome.
I hear zero complaints about it.
You can make a really good professional looking website.
The ones that we reviewed for the Squarespace a contest,
they were fucking amazing.
That one.
Storm chaser one.
I go back to visit that one all the time.
What was that website again?
Do you remember the name of the website?
I have it bookmarked,
but some,
some guy made this website with all images of storms like unbelievable fucking
high resolution,
beautiful images of storms and just looking at these hurricanes and tornadoes
and shit going,
fuck,
looking at the cloud formations,
just incredible shit and you can do this now.
I mean,
it's not hard to do.
Anybody can make a website like that.
You wouldn't get the images like that.
I mean that was his images.
The images were fucking intense,
but you could do it and you can do it pretty easily.
And they also have a new logo creator where you can create and clean a clean,
simple logo design for yourself in minutes.
Squarespace.
Squarespace is trying to get you to open home to your own business.
That's what trying to do.
They're trying to get you to fucking release yourself from the shackles of
employment.
I mean it's the 24th century.
It's time.
Yeah,
you can,
if you have an idea,
if you can sell something,
I wasn't 100 website last night.
A guy was making homemade Mongolian Bose.
Okay.
I guarantee you that guy is more happy than someone in a fucking cubicle.
This guy was building bows.
It was beautiful and you know the guy looks so fucking happy.
He was like discussing all the different aspects of the bow and how the bone is
created and he even put like a measurement on it to see like how much pull it
has at various inches.
He was like at 22 inches,
35 pounds.
Click,
click 24 inches.
I mean,
he's like reading off the technical specifications of these fucking Mongolian
bows.
That guy doesn't want to be in a cubicle.
He wants to be using Squarespace to make himself a fucking Mongolian Boh
website,
right?
Just sell Mongolian bows all day.
Just get high as Giraffe,
pussy on the planet Pluto.
It's still a planet in my world and make a fucking Mongolian Boh website.
Just do it.
Do it.
You can do this.
Go to squarespace.com and enter in the code Joe for a free trial and 10% off
your first purchase.
Just go start a fucking business man.
Do it in your off time.
It's don't don't play football on the weekend.
Figure this out.
Figuring out you can do this.
You don't want to work for somebody man ass Red Van.
It's not fun.
Don't work for people.
Don't go work for yourself man.
Anyway,
squarespace.com we're also brought to you by on it.
That's O.
N.
I.
T.
I need to get Greg Fitzsimmons on it.
Need to get you some.
Would you be interested in a howler monkey kettle bell?
Oh Shit.
Do you work out with us?
We work out with kettlebells.
I know I've always wanted to cause I know that a Brody Stevens does it.
Ryan Callan is works at my gym.
I see him throwing them around.
Yeah he does.
Brody Stevens when we work together in Phoenix,
hasn't been its trunk,
kettle bells around in his trucks and we're in the parking lot and he's like,
I like to do cleans before I preform,
knock the rust off and he's doing fucking power cleans in the parking lot with a
35 pound Kettlebell and the crowds file and HSE shadow and they see the feature
act,
if I can beat this is back when people didn't even know who Brody was.
This is a long time ago.
Brody used to carry kettle bells around in his trunk.
I was like,
this is like,
what year was this bright?
It's like 2006 or five maybe even seven years ago,
eight years ago.
It's a long time ago when we were at the Tempe Improv before it closed down and
reopened again.
Didn't even close down.
They reopened it up and read it and like remodeled it and everything's really
nice now.
It's one of the greatest clubs of all time.
They fucked up though,
man.
They close that little room,
that little room that a Todd glass used to was the best room.
Yeah,
that was the best room.
I got jealous.
I was doing the 450 room and Todd was doing the other one right next to it and I
went to his show in between.
I was like,
that's the perfect room.
This is the perfect little comedy room.
Like just like the ice house,
the little room with the ISOS.
It's fucking incredible that there's Brody probably work at the kettle bells.
He's fucking legit too.
That's a hard thing to do.
The overhead press like that.
Brody's in real good shape man.
Like he's a silly guy,
but he uh,
he's got good form too.
That's his hump.
Gratitude.
Tempe is he but he fell through baseball.
Yes.
And he talks about it on stage.
They didn't know how to take him.
He just broke his foot.
Oh,
getting offstage.
He like,
like landed on it wrong or whatever.
Oh,
I know.
Rack.
Did you see a shell on comedy central?
I haven't seen it.
Fucking twisted isn't,
well,
it's produce production of Brody.
Well that's kind of not,
it's a follow round documentary,
but then it's got,
it's got little stunts built into it.
Is that Gal Finac is producing with my buddy.
You know Mike Gibbons,
my sidekick on my radio show.
They did it together.
Zach loves us too.
Yeah,
he loves him like we do.
He loves him like I do.
He sent me a letter when,
when Brody wasn't doing so well,
he sent me a thank you email.
Zach Galifianakis is cool as fuck.
He's a real deal.
It was a such a legit letter that I feel bad talking about it on the air,
but it was so earnestly kind about that guy about Brody.
How awesome is Brody's just to fucking jam.
I'd love that guy.
Every time I see him it's like I got hit with a drug of happiness.
Like,
Hey,
what's up buddy?
You know you get that.
You're pumped up to see him.
I'm so happy and he's doing well.
Yeah,
so happy the world could see him.
He got to see him live though,
folks.
You got to see him live.
You have to see Brody live.
His show's great.
Him Live is insane.
Him in the main room.
Kinison spot like the last spot of the night,
man.
He did when we were doing the man show with Stan hope and I,
he did the monologue and we,
we would go out and watch him perform every night.
I think you don't usually don't watch the warmup guy.
Right?
You're thinking about your sets,
you thinking about the,
the,
the bits that you're going to do.
But we want to go out there and see Brody cause he's just so Brody.
You so ridiculous.
He's so awesome.
Didn't we put them in a sketch at one point?
I believe so too.
We did a lot of fun shit on that show.
I just found I was,
hasn't put mine now we were putting in a,
I had to put a bunch of shit on an old hard drive and I came across some
sketches that we did on it.
And what am I forgot about?
This was called uh,
uh,
uh ill suitors and it was for a dating service for when you didn't want a long
term relationship,
you're afraid of intimacy.
So it pairs up with women that had terminal illnesses.
So when you go to the website and you could pick a disease based on how long you
wanted to date a woman.
Yeah,
I remember that.
We should probably just not even play commercials anymore.
Just keep talking.
Forget about the ana.com use the code word.
I want to talk about this.
You know,
because it's so,
so the sketch was like,
it was Stan hope and like he's at,
he's at the,
at a bedside of a woman in the ICU and he's like holding her hand and she's
dying and he's like sad.
And then as soon as she goes,
it goes flat line.
He just turned and he goes,
he's got his phone and just starts clicking back to pack to get ill suited to
get another date for the weekend.
I remember that.
Who came up with a sketch about people,
men who were scared to wear hip bags and fanny packs.
So they have a decap attack.
It's a fucking head.
I think that those same sounds totally like full sane.
Right.
Then it using that as a,
as a bag,
is that it was it,
was it his biggest posts saying,
yeah,
it sounds good.
Fucking staff,
man.
It was a fun fucking look.
We just got hoodwinked.
You know how many people have said to me after that show,
like,
why did that show sock?
And I freely say that it wasn't what we wanted it to be,
but will,
they never should have been the man show.
It's never been Joe and Doug's Shell.
Well,
it to then the man show we still would have had troubles.
I learned a lot about like how shows are made doing that.
Like you can't just cooperate with a lot of people that have ridiculous ideas
and when you get involved with the show and you have an idea of what you want it
to be,
and then you run into people that have a fucking perpendicular idea just
crashing into you,
you've got to go,
okay,
we can,
we shouldn't be doing this together.
Right.
We shouldn't be doing,
you gotta be ready to walk away.
Yeah.
Well you can't walk away though.
That's the problem.
When you get in,
you locked into a show,
you're locked into a show,
but you're,
you're fighting with producers in the know.
I remember someone crying because we wanted to have Joey Dee has come out naked
and introduce us.
She was crying,
she was clenching her fists and crying at me going,
how is that funny?
And I'm like,
how do you think it's not funny?
How could you think back the first of all,
you don't think Joey Diaz knows how to be funny.
He's one of the funniest guys.
It's ever walked the face of the planet and he thinks it's going to be
hilarious.
Yeah.
And I think it's going to be hilarious.
And you're fucking crying.
And it's a statement about the show at defines what the show is that don't give
a fuck.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And which is kind of what the dailies it with the,
with the man show was supposed to be in a way,
but I dunno,
I did with so much baggage with people thinking they're going to reboot a show
that's been on for years that the hosts are,
you know,
very individual guys.
You guys are individual dot guys and it just didn't make sense like terrible
Todd.
It was a terrible idea.
Also because they didn't get along with the producers when they left,
which was not really explained to me when I was going through the whole process.
I should have probably chased them down and ask them what they felt about it.
But at the time I think I just wanted to do it so bad and do it with Stan hope
that I didn't just chase it down.
Right.
And then I felt bad about a guy.
I had a conversation with Kim on when I came onto a show and I even apologized.
It was like,
we shouldn't done it.
We should've done a show.
Right.
But these guys had a franchise and they thought the best way to maximize his
franchise just carry on with new host,
sort of like a lot of people don't realize the daily show did.
The daily show wasn't always John Stewart and it was such a different show.
Totally different show.
It was way more like tongue and cheek and snarky and that was a straight up
parody of the news and it was really just him throwing to pieces.
He did very little time at the desk.
Yeah.
It was a different experience,
you know.
And um,
when Jon Stewart took it over,
he just redefined,
I mean that's happened a bunch of times.
It's happened with it tonight shows it's probably gonna happen again with
Fallon.
We'll talk soup was one of the ones that didn't,
they,
they really did bring in a new guy
and do the exact same show and it's worked.
They've gone through three or four hosts and it seems to be still McHale's that
the guy was doing it.
Right.
It's fucking funny man.
He's fucking funny.
He's good.
It's a really good hosts.
That shit.
And he,
he picked up a standup.
I was,
I was talking to him about this.
He's,
he was doing talk soup.
He had,
he'd come out of nowhere and he had no,
he had never done standup,
so he just started going to the clubs locally and he'd go out and feature for
guys on the road.
And then within a year and a half of starting,
the guy was headlining fucking theaters because the show was so big.
Oh my God.
So what he did was smartly as he showed clips of the shell and he made it more
of like a presentation than a standup hour.
That's smart.
And I think,
I don't know if he's still,
I dunno if he's crossed over more into pure stand up now,
but he's one of those guys that's just naturally gifted performer Wa yeah,
well he's just a good dude too.
And your round him,
he gives you a good vibe.
You look at Nice Guy,
like when he's on it's set and he's doing his monologue.
He's a nice guy.
Right.
I think that comes,
that just works,
you know?
And when he,
when he does stand up,
you know,
just the fact that he's got the balls to do that,
to do theaters after doing standup for a year and a half.
I'm like,
God,
that's crazy.
I know headline,
who's on before you do?
They didn't know how to do comedy at all cause they do.
You might eat fucking plates of Dick's up there.
Have you ever seen that?
This very few things that are more disturbing than watching someone who was only
been doing comedy like a year or try to go on after like a Joey Diaz or
something like that when you like when Joe Joey slaying it.
Take some like Michael Richards type dude who's used to have a TV show and
everybody thinks of him as being funny,
which is actually kind of a handicap.
All right.
In that position,
if you're not good,
it's a handicap.
If you're like a really big name firm like Seinfeld,
but you're fucking open miker that's a crazy place to be,
right?
Because they want you to fail.
You get money for being funny and this is what you're presenting to us.
Right?
But they don't accept the fact that you're learning.
Nobody wants to see a famous person learning shit.
I was the laugh factory this weekend and it was a,
it was a killer lineup.
It was good fucking axe.
And there was this kid who's on a sitcom that clearly has been doing stand up
about as long as he's been doing a sitcom.
And he went up there all cocky,
he spent five minutes,
give me his fucking intro.
And he went up there and his dick was swinging back and forth like a pendulum.
If the people were sitting there like dogs just watching him.
Like,
why,
why would you be on this shell?
I've been that guy.
It's the worst feeling in the world,
man.
There's no feeling guy.
I've eaten it before.
I've eaten it for for sure a hundred percent many times just fucking flat lines
just missed it.
Right.
Just the entry fucked up the approach,
girlfriend problems,
you know,
whatever it is leading onto that show.
Well cause you go all in.
Yeah.
But,
but I mean there's comics that go up and they're likable
number one before.
They're funny.
So they can't bomb,
which is the saddest thing in the world because the audience doesn't even get
that.
They're not even that funny cause they're likable first.
You're not likable
if you do well.
It's just cause you're funny.
I can't argue.
I can argue with what you're saying.
I always said that if I didn't know me,
I would swear I was a douchebag.
If I didn't know me,
if I just knew someone who had my characteristics and my job,
oh I live fucking most loathsome human in the world.
I get a whiny voice.
I'm fucking,
I think I'm better than people.
Oh you think you're smarter than me?
I'm like,
I really don't.
I think I'm a fucking idiot,
but I seem to have that air about me.
But it's part of what's funny though.
You'd know you're a real comic.
Like if you and I are talking and if we just happen to be on an airplane
together and some really dark shit was going on,
we could start cracking each other up.
It doesn't mean,
we mean it mean,
but you're going for the laugh.
You're like one of the first guys to go for the fucked up laugh,
like in the personal conversation.
Like you're just sitting there hanging out,
eating lunch,
and then you just,
you'll go for that.
But you don't mean that you're a really nice guy.
You know?
Like I don't think people who aren't either immersed in the world of standup
comedy or know a lot of standup comics,
I don't think they appreciate that.
Right.
Well,
yeah,
I think that to me it's about,
it's a gear.
You're commenting on a normal conversation.
You're,
you're,
you're making fun of what a racist would say it anyway.
Yeah,
exactly.
Exactly.
You know,
and you're being racist to right.
Also being racist.
It gets worse.
We are racist.
Are We?
This is what we are.
Okay.
We are judgmental.
It's part of evolution.
We're constantly assessing our or environment.
And sometimes we know there's shit you're not supposed to say.
So we say it because it's funny and it's also funny because there's some truth
to it,
right?
And it's fucked up that there's some truth to it.
And God,
I wish it wasn't true.
I wish stereotypes weren't true.
Right?
We should Italians,
I wished my own relatives were an apes.
I really wished they weren't savage,
untrustworthy apes,
but they are.
That's what they have to watch.
Fucking real housewives of New Jersey and we've got an Italian.
What do you see?
My people,
my people are savages.
I wish that wasn't true,
but it's fucking true.
Yeah,
it's hard to,
it's hard to fight against the Italian stereotype because here's the problem
with Italians.
There's many is that your unanswered with the fact that you're Italian so you
won't evolve.
Like every Italian guy,
you could meet some guy from fucking the a prairie,
prairie land Midwest,
and if he's Italian he'll go and get the pasta fuzzy because they've watched the
godfather and they've watched sopranos and they want to sound like that because
they want to be.
Whereas
we're supposed to be all growing away from,
like you're saying,
the barbaric versions of ourselves should be in the past,
not perpetuated for generations.
I have friends that are back east friends.
I love him to death and I don't mind when they put it on.
I don't mind when they,
the Da do the Italian talk.
A little piece of me dies.
Right,
right,
right.
I'm Irish.
Hey,
your mom is still making a good shit.
Be Some,
they'll call me Giuseppe.
That's a big one.
Hey,
just Giuseppe.
Very rare that that my Jewish friends call me Giuseppe if it might be already
when he was high,
but that's,
I've never seen an Italian guy have a solo fight.
It's always fucking group jumps in.
Well,
there's a herd mentality involved and being proud of what patch of dirt you're
on.
Right.
That doesn't lend itself to courage.
Yes,
that's not,
that's not the right mentality.
It's the rugged individual that takes on the group and wins.
No,
that's a
so there's fucking Bob,
you believe what this guy is saying?
I was Bobby Bobby's Bobby's wearing a wire.
You tired time bobbies in the backseat of the patrol car.
I just waited.
Testify.
What the fuck Bobby with family Ovia this fucking shit go between us.
Hey thing.
I was wondering why we call you to rat Bobby
and he was with Bobby to rat that fucking cock sucker knew he used to sit on my
mom.
Stable leak Gaga,
Gulu shy.
Think
about it.
What is,
who is the number one most famous gangsters of all time?
They're all Italian guys.
They're all braggadocious Gotti types or I've got bone
Jimmy Hoffa,
savages.
My people are criminal savages.
Right?
Right.
They make awesome food and know how to fuck.
That's it.
That's his girls.
Oh my God.
And your good luck.
I mean,
girl hot Italian girl,
the hottest who can make really good food and likes to fuck all the time,
but she might beat you to death in your sleep.
Right?
And you don't mind.
It's worth it.
That's fucking crazy.
The crate.
I love Italian.
I grew up around dark,
dark Italian check I gave up on him last time.
Sugar.
David took a swing at me.
Rarely.
Yeah,
back in the back of the Boston days.
Right.
That's it.
I'm good.
Can't date anybody like me fucking animals.
Well that's it too.
You're not supposed to date within your own race.
That's proven.
I married,
well actually she's half Irish,
half Jewish,
but you got to,
you got to get a little way from mom.
Yeah,
most likely you have to just,
but it's not just the Italians that are like that.
It's not just a,
and by the way,
of course,
there's a lot of awesome shit about a tire that's,
don't get me wrong,
you know,
and the one quarter Irish I am,
um,
I don't identify with as much because I didn't grow up with the Irish side of my
family.
Oh,
hey,
what are you doing on a Sunday night or you're around?
I'm doing a St Patrick's Day.
Yeah.
What time is it?
Eight o'clock.
Okay.
I'm on.
Awesome.
Beautiful.
I'll be flying back from a Texas Jimmy Schubert's doing it.
Ah.
Chimi Schubert.
Yeah,
I'm a little Irish.
I'm a one quarter Irish.
Uh,
well the Irish were the most racist of all people because we were the fairest
skin.
We look down on everybody.
I don't think so.
Oh fuck man.
We came to America at the time of the Italians came at basically the same time.
So when you go to the Bronx or Boston,
there's so Rachel Sweet,
they fucking hate each other and they hate everybody else because we were the
last ones to come over.
So everybody hated us.
We were the last ones to get jobs.
So we have some,
like the Irish were the last to the first,
the first immigrants,
English,
the Dutch Dutch paintings,
Dutch,
English,
the um,
uh,
you Scandinavians.
I know so little about the immigration of different cultures in this country.
Always know about my own family.
Right.
It was the great depression.
My grandparents came over during the depression.
Yeah.
This is a great book about Cornelius Vanderbilt and it kind of tracks New York
in the 18 hundreds.
And as the waves of people came over and uh,
it's really won the Pulitzer Prize.
You called the first tycoon.
My Grandmother,
the last tycoon,
my grandmother grew up in the depression.
She was kind of insane because of it.
And she used to like hide things all around the house.
Like she hide money in various spots in the house.
They didn't find it until after she died.
They would shit,
did you hide?
Oh,
she had thousands of dollars talk to walls.
But it's just,
but the idea,
it was not just that she had money.
I mean she,
they were very poor.
Yeah.
But that she had money that she had squirreled away into these weird spots all
over their house.
Right.
It was really weird.
And did you almost not find it before you,
well,
I didn't have anything to do with it.
His,
his children did the,
uh,
the,
my,
when my grandfather died,
I was over here and I think that's when they,
uh,
they started searching the house.
The people that were living in New Jersey,
they had it,
they had some idea that she was like,
Shit went,
oh,
no,
they didn't know me.
She had this,
she had had an aneurysm and she was sick for a long time because of it.
And,
um,
during that time,
my grandfather took care of her and my grandfather took care of her.
That's when I was staying with him.
And it was a very fascinating time in my life because,
um,
I had left Boston and I moved to New York,
but I couldn't really afford to live in New York.
I didn't know I had hardly any money.
So I stayed with my grandfather who was living on north ninth street,
which was a really bad neighborhood in Newark.
The next door neighbor,
they got a battering ram broke down his fucking door because he's selling crack
and he had like an Audi like next door.
Like this is fucking Newark,
New Jersey.
It's a shitty spot.
Oh Shit.
And my grandfather was taking care of my grandmother and it was just me and my
grandfather and my grandmother.
It was like one of the lowest points in my life.
I had just broken up with my girlfriend.
I had just torn my ACL and I knew that I needed surgery.
I just moved to New York.
I was completely,
totally broke.
And I was,
you know,
taking this big risk,
moving to New York.
I had signed with Sussman and I want to remember that it's trying to get my shit
together and my grandmother like Moans,
like she's,
she's hurt so bad,
can't move.
She had an aneurysm 12 years ago,
so she's just lying in bed like ah,
the aneurysm on,
she was in just paint a lot the time she does,
she's done from the aneurism on,
they gave her 72 hours to live.
She lived for 12 years
and it wasn't a good 12 years.
It wasn't a good 12 years.
It's here.
Grandfather was getting zero action.
I'd probably do whatever you want it
exactly what I was saying earlier.
GRANDPA's coming in,
you hot,
you can hide the fucking canola eas,
but you're not hiding that fucking Beluga.
That fucking God gauche could say,
oh,
she got a big fucking juicy guy who she's saying
that's when you know you're done when you hit the Gaga.
Good on this broad one.
I fucking do inside of her.
My brother,
I don't know if she's moaning because of the aneurism cause I'm hitting a gun.
Oh,
it's awful.
Awful,
awful.
Poor Lady.
Oh,
it was rough.
It was rough,
man.
Where do I get allergies?
This is laughing.
I'm crying too,
man.
It's such a douchey thing that a tiny thing is so douchey and I'm more offended
because I know so many of those people.
If I was,
if I was a waspy guy and I grew up in Phoenix,
I wouldn't really be concentrating on these people.
But it's like being around like and knowing once you've escaped,
like,
oh,
and then you watch real housewives of New Jersey.
Like I wasn't wrong.
I wasn't,
I didn't miss this.
You people are fucking savages.
They are savages.
And I grew up around,
I grew up in New York,
so I was my town,
a lot of Italians and they were fucking,
they were just mean to you.
Like this one got George Spag,
Noli and everybody worked at GM,
the GM plant in town,
and he was just like a dis.
He had big chest and his fucking,
he grew a mustache at like 11 and he used to just beat us up for no reason.
Well,
there's a lot of that is nurture to right.
A lot of savagery within the Italian community.
Yeah,
I saw a lot of violence as a kid.
A lot of like my father and mother violence.
Right,
right around that stuff.
And when you were like a really little kid and you see that kind of violence,
that stuff fucks with your head.
It's not good for you.
It's really bad to see like hardcore,
like male on female violence or even male and male.
Like I saw my dad beat him,
my cousin who was like,
at the time,
I don't,
I can't,
I was five or six and I couldn't imagine him being more than like maybe 11 I'm
thinking 12 or 13 at the most.
13 now.
He was my cousin and my dad beat him up in front of me.
No Shit.
Oh my God.
It was hard to watch.
He picked him up by his hair.
I'll never forget that.
He grabbed this kid by his hair and he picked him up and threw him,
grabbed him by his hair and he was a little kid and it was over the kid
accidentally hurting me.
Okay.
Like he was older.
He was like,
whatever.
I said 11 something around those rungs.
I can't really remember totally because it was so traumatic,
but he was my,
my cousin that I didn't hang out with.
I had my cousin Mikey,
and then Mike,
you had an older brother and the older brother,
somehow now they're hurting my hand and I was crying and so my dad came in and
saw that he and I don't really,
I don't remember it being on purpose and I don't think it was,
but I can't remember anything other than than my dad grabbing this kid,
a little kid by the hair and picking him up and throwing him and just,
I remember some hitting,
I don't remember exactly what happened.
Don't you dad had a reaction?
Probably because of what he'd seen growing up because it was just,
it was dark.
We know it is is when you see a child being hurt you.
I know if I see a child being hurt,
even it's from another kid,
I get,
I get a little ramped up.
But if it's your own kid and you grew up watching violence,
your dad was probably hit by his dad most likely.
So he was reacting to that.
My Dad's dad tried to fuck my mom Wa yeah,
he look made moves on my mom.
That's fucking ballsy.
And my mom was like trying to fucking scramble to get away from in the kitchen.
He was this crazy old Irish savage savage.
You couldn't be alone with him.
If you're a woman,
you alone the metal,
give a fuck if you're married to my son.
Right,
right.
He didn't give a shit.
What is it that he thought he could put a move on her or that he was just going
to physically take her?
It's just trying to fuck her.
I Dunno.
It was just trying to,
somewhere in the middle
one,
my mom was my mom.
Like we had already had kids.
She Tell Your Dad,
oh yeah,
yeah,
but did he do that fucking asshole?
You know?
I don't know.
Hey,
you know what I mean?
But it wasn't good.
Whatever it was,
it wasn't good.
So that's like a fireman.
When you think about the Andrea,
get him to fucking get on the fucking table.
She did.
I don't think he really had an Irish accent.
He was from Ireland though.
Yeah.
I don't remember having an Irish.
Let me leave.
I'm wrong.
It was funny.
Irish,
I was so young when he died,
but he was just very territorial,
isn't it?
You know what I remember about my grandfather,
my father's side,
this is what I remember.
I remember that we would go to his house and he would sit in a dark room.
He would sit in a room like in front of the television and he would have like a
blanket on or something like that.
Just sit in that room.
And I remember that room being dark.
This is when he
was old.
Old As fuck.
That's all I remember over the guy.
Cause when I came along,
you know,
by the time I was paying attention,
but I was like five or something like that,
he was already like hitting the wall.
Yeah.
You know,
just probably getting hammered every night and red lined his liver and then
tick,
boom.
You eventually dies.
Yeah.
That's how the IRS still it.
It's like the fucking,
it's like the IRA gets into your chest.
I didn't know when you read line it,
I needed to know some early,
you're close,
you're close.
It's not good.
Alcohol is not good.
So I wonder if,
I wonder if your mom saw him sitting in that room,
put the blanket on quiet and just walked up and fucking smacked him.
You remember that time you put your hand on me,
asshole.
Nah,
my mom's like the least violent person ever.
She had,
so you know,
that happens with those types of women.
They get involved in those type of men,
but for some reason,
like they don't,
they don't assume that people are ever going to be mean.
You know?
And so when they get involved with someone,
that's me,
right?
It's violent.
They're like,
where's this coming from?
Like my mom's family is crazy as they were,
they were really nice to each other,
right?
Like my,
my grandfather was great with his kids,
just loved his kids and my grandmother,
they weren't great with each other,
but they were great with everybody else.
Yeah.
There wasn't any violence growing up in my mom's house.
My Dad never hit anybody.
My Dad,
grandfather,
brother,
my dad used to hit my cousins and my,
uh,
my brother,
I remember one time,
uh,
my uncle,
I won't say his name,
he walked in and he was a fucking,
he helped build the empire state building.
He was a fucking bad ass construction dude.
I used to drink like two,
six packs of Schaefer beer every night.
He had this boat out in Long Island and he take it out and he's just fucking
cruise around.
And he came into the kitchen one time and,
uh,
my end is all of us cousins and we're like,
you know,
probably like 11 or 12.
And he comes in and he goes,
uh,
he goes to get it,
get another beer and a,
I'll say,
his name is Uncle Jeff.
And my brother goes,
uh,
hey,
uncle Jeff,
get another beer.
Huh?
And Uncle Jeff just without even looking,
just fucking smacks.
Muckross ed knocks him down,
gets to beer and walks out and we laughed like fucking height.
Those are real consequences.
Right?
Right.
You can't smack kids today.
No,
it's not good.
I don't think it's good to give a guy like my dad the ability to smack kids
cause he just wasn't a good guy.
Right.
Didn't use it.
You know?
I mean that's,
it is,
it's a shame that that healthy violence has gone because there is definitely a
place for it.
I really believe that if people knew they could get punched in the face without
consequences,
like people talk about stand your ground and carrying guns and all that shit.
I think punching people in the face is a safer version of you won't behave badly
if there's a chance you're going to get smacked around a little bit.
It's a,
it's definitely a deterrent.
It's a deterrent to Douche.
Baggery.
I mean it just is.
If you,
if you think that that's on the menu,
you'll be nicer.
Right.
But really you should just be nicer.
You know it,
she blurred.
It's like,
it's really almost like the gun control argument.
It's like our guns.
You know,
we need
to get the guns off our streets.
No,
you know what we need to do?
We need to make it so people don't ever want to shoot people.
Okay?
That's way more possible than getting into guns off the street.
The only way you can get the guns off the street is some totalitarian thing.
When you come into people's homes and you take their possessions,
violate the constitution,
or you can tell them that they have to give their guns away or there'll be a
criminal.
Those are the two options.
Right,
but you do really,
what we have to make an issue of is not the guns.
There's so many of them out there.
It's too late for that.
You're going to have people that resist.
You're going to have people that are going to have guns no matter what.
But we got to figure out why would anybody want to just shoot people because
there's too many douche bags and I think like,
like with drugs,
if we got rid of people's need to take drugs,
you know,
people that are hooked on heroin or crack or whatever,
what is it that's missing?
What trauma happened to them in childhood or what,
you know,
self esteem issues they having that they're getting hooked on drugs cause
there's always going to be another type of drug that they can make and it's a
matter of time until they come up with a gun that's a laser.
You don't need fucking gun powder for your right or something better than that.
You know,
who knows some fucking energy weapon.
Who knows what they're going to come up in the future.
If you can have a cell phone app that can kill people and there's not going to
be anybody that's going to be able to stop it,
right?
I mean I'm actually surprised there isn't.
Is it an amazing,
there is not an alternative to a gun at this point.
They can kill us.
I mean he got tasers but I guess you could set those high enough to kill
somebody if you like.
If you had like four people and they all taste someone at the same time,
we might overdose them on Taser.
That would be hilarious.
It seems like everybody that gets hit with those things goes down too.
[inaudible] you don't really see too many videos that people just shaken that
off.
No.
I feel like when they hit you with that,
I know,
I've seen it.
I've seen it in,
they have this,
uh,
you know the cop,
the mounted cameras inside cop cars and when they got a guy who's jacked up on
Matthys,
PCP,
they can,
can't you?
They take it,
they get up.
They keep fucking hitting him with it that we need to find.
Yeah.
I saw the new commentary on videos.
That dude's getting tased and saw this fat black lady and they could not take
this Willdabeast out.
She kept coming.
Well,
you know,
that was the run you king argument.
Like if you watch the Rodney king fight when they're beating the shit out of
him.
I shouldn't say the Rodney king fight.
I should,
you know,
it wasn't a fight.
They'd beat the fuck out of this guy with clubs.
Right,
but when you're watching it on television like you're going,
what would you do if you're a competent?
That guy kept trying to get up.
No.
Terrifying.
That would be if you're some scrawny ass fucking white cop was shit genetics and
Rodney motherfucking king is high as a kite on whatever.
What was he high on it?
Probably PCP.
Yeah.
Look at this fat white guy with dumpy legs and this and this black guy.
There's punches.
I like that he takes the shirt off and he's got another shirt
struck hooker for what's he doing?
He's taking his clothes off
his ass.
Crack hanging out.
Yeah.
What do you do
if you're this guy and you got to deal with this?
This is a guy who is way bigger than you and you have these two fucking goofy
cops.
Look,
I'll fat.
This cop is in front of us.
Look how fat that guy is there on the yellow line of a road.
So everybody's watching.
That's the worst part is a cop.
But hold on a second.
Look at the size of that cop.
That cop is more bewdley obese.
I mean,
I'm not saying there's anything wrong with being a big fat person.
If you enjoy it,
you know,
do whatever you want to do.
But if you're going to be a fucking police officer,
that guy can't go for five seconds.
Look at the size of him.
Look at the girth on that guy.
You should be given a suspension until you can get down to wait.
Fuck Ya.
That if that guy is a cop,
I mean,
he's pointing a gun.
Okay.
They just,
okay.
Quick fighting.
He loves it.
He's actually enjoying it.
Oh,
get on your back.
He's on his back robbing again.
Probably.
It sounds like the deer hunting
and
cops surrounding that dude.
Yeah,
they couldn't keep them down.
One guy that's,
that's so preposterous.
That guy's a law enforcement officer.
But what do you think about women?
What about women being cops?
Women can fight.
Women who know martial arts can protect themselves,
then they can at least defensively themselves.
But what about bringing a guy like that down?
It's not going to happen without weapons.
All right?
Unless there's a threat of violence.
I mean,
unless the guy's going to listen to you because you got a gun pointed at him,
he's not going to do it right.
There's just too many crazy people like that.
I mean,
I guess this upsides to female cops in terms of how they relate to the
community.
But it is,
it is interesting to think about if she was out alone dealing with a dude like
that,
it's just,
it forces her to be in a position where she has to shoot somebody.
Well,
it happens,
there was a video of a guy who got indicted for,
uh,
assaulting a police officer and it was fucking horrifying to watch because it
was a woman and she pulls this guy over for something,
speeding what have you.
And,
um,
she's in,
she's in front of the camera,
you know,
just got the camera in the car and it's all on film of She's talking to the guy
and telling him to like put his hands behind his back and the guy just whales
are in the face,
drops it to the ground,
she's out cold and he's just punching the shit out of her while she's out cold.
It's so hard to watch because this woman,
she just was,
uh,
you know,
I don't,
I don't know how much martial arts training she had.
I don't know.
You know what she knew about fighting,
but she was clearly wrong about assessing the danger level of dealing with the
sky.
Right.
And she got so close to him that he decided to just uncork on her.
So you hear a kid screaming,
Daddy,
stop hitting her.
Daddy stopped in there because the guy who was getting pulled over had his kid
in the car.
So it's kids screaming while he's beating the fuck out of this cop.
And it was like watching someone get punched while they're unconscious is one of
the creepiest things in the world.
It certainly is.
I've seen in a lot of times,
I've seen it many times I've seen it.
Um,
let's see.
In your real life in street fights,
which is really scary and I've seen it in,
I don't know how many UFC fights.
Yeah.
And that's the thing with the refs.
They are really amazing about getting in there.
The second the person is that,
cause the fighter doesn't really know they're seeing red and the fighter will
almost always protest it after it stopped.
Right.
I was fine.
You know,
they'll say I was fine because you,
you are fine like a second later.
Right.
You know,
but right.
Then when the eyes rolled back and start your head,
it's over.
It's really over.
Like if you get hit several more times,
he just compounding damage,
your body might be moving.
All right.
But you've basically,
the game is over.
Like you got your lights shut off,
you can't get your lights shut off and then and then come back in a safe way.
But you may have a concussion at that point.
Most lucky you have a concussion,
but the thing is guys who fought with concussions and one that's it's crazy,
guys have gotten concussions in the first round and don't remember the fight.
And then after the fight,
you know,
I'm talking to them,
I'm interviewing them and they don't remember what the fight and they won.
Well then sometimes if it's really bad,
there's even a period where you feel really fine and a day later you you just go
down and die.
Oh yeah.
Well then that can definitely happen.
Anytime you have a serious concussion,
they want to watch you.
They want to keep you awake,
they actually don't want you to fall asleep.
That's one of the things they say to people when they get knocked out.
So they tried to keep awake for a little bit.
They used to,
yeah.
I don't know if they cheat.
They,
you know,
as a medical science advances,
they started changing a lot of different approaches that they have to head
trauma.
Well,
what is it your,
is it that your brain moves?
Yes,
there's that for sure.
It's just the impact,
the impact of something on your skull and it doesn't have to be on the skull.
The other thing is you can get a concussion from your chest.
Um,
you know we were talking about this,
I think it was a big John McCarthy.
He's explaining this to me.
I might be wrong,
but we were talking about is,
I think it was big John,
who's a like the gold standard for another may referees who's talking about like
guys kicked concussions and they get hit in the chest.
No,
she's just,
yeah,
cause you get hit in the chest and your brain gets jostled and you can get a
concussion from that lack of oxygen to your brain impact.
Just the impact.
That's why football players like the ability to run at each other with no pads.
It's so dangerous for the brain because the impact,
it doesn't have to be on the head.
Any impact shakes the body violently and the brain is barely held in there with
like string.
The brain is the most precious part of your fucking body,
and it's surrounded by liquid and it's tied to the walls with fucking string.
And it's like,
it's like the shittiest design ever for a power plant for the most complex
neural connections that known known to Earth,
right?
We are as complex as against we were the were the things that are creating
spaceships and making satellites.
It's the nuttiest fucking Oregon ever created and it's barely hanging in there.
It's floating around in this fluid attached
to this thin bone.
It's like one of the thinnest bones.
Right?
But think about how big your elbow bone is.
Why isn't your skull that thick?
Why aren't you fucking like super fattening
everywhere and the temperature?
You think about it,
if your brain temperature goes up five degrees,
you'll five degrees is your fucking brain dead or whatever it may six or seven
degrees,
you're fucked.
If you have the fever,
you can get fucked.
If you go out in the desert,
you get fucked.
You were so fragile.
Yeah,
unbelievably fragile.
But it's almost like that's part of the design because we become so powerful in
our ability to manipulate the very earth itself.
I mean,
we're not making bird nests.
We're not making beaver dams or making nuclear weapons were making satellites.
We're making space ships that have already passed Pluto.
Oh,
that shit.
Deep space right now is trading about how they detected.
Um,
they may have detected a dark matter in the universe finally,
and it's read.
I just like what the fuck is dark matter.
Dark matter is basically an unknown entity that lives in the universe that has
enough gravitational pull that they use it to basically solve different,
uh,
physics issues in how,
how there's gravity on different planets and how the,
how interplanetary movement happens is based on dark matter that we've never
fucking seen.
Like who figured that shit out?
Who figured out that there is a galaxy that's a,
you know,
a thousand light years away when we've never,
like I don't,
here's what I understand is we talk about shit that's a thousand light years
away.
If it's a thousand like then we haven't seen the light from something that's a
thousand.
No,
we have,
it just might not be there.
I see.
This is what it is.
If a star,
if you're looking at a star,
what you're seeing when you look up in the night sky is what that star looked
like millions of years ago,
millions,
maybe even billions of years ago,
because that's how long it takes for the light from those stars,
especially in distant constellations.
That's how it takes the light of those stars to reach us.
So when you look out into the Milky Way,
you know,
and you're looking at,
who knows how many hundreds of billions of galaxies,
you literally seeing them the further they are apart,
they might be a million light years away.
They might be a billion light years away,
but you're seeing the light that came from a million.
So all the theory about the universe now is not based on the present.
Well,
it's not entirely based on the president,
but it's based on what we know.
We can see so far of the present.
Right.
You know what?
I'm saying like they know that like when you find like a supernova or something
like that and they try to measure these things,
you know,
they'd have these big bursts in the sky,
but how long did it take for the burst hit us.
It could take millions of years.
Like it's really hard for us to wrap our head around the idea of millions of
light years being really close because that's what it is.
And the universe of millions of light years
is really close because the universe is probably some,
some untold billions and billions of light years across.
And it's probably one of untold billions and billions and billions of other
alternative universes that exist inside of these black holes that they're
finding in the center of all these galaxies.
Like that's one of the biggest theories that the inside a black hole is a super
superman or inside a,
uh,
galaxies,
the supermassive black hole,
that's one half of 1% of the mass of the galaxy.
Like they shot it down.
I think that's where the black matter is concentrated.
Who the fuck?
Cause it's a gravitational pull that,
that,
that that's what it is.
And they discovered this matter was supposed to be all over the place,
like they found constellations of dark matter.
Right.
But I think the black holes are made up at the bottom of them of that which
causes,
but they discovered all this because they put a new um,
uh,
in Chile at the highest point,
which is always where they've put the telescopes because if for whatever reason,
the altitudes thinner the hairstyle,
you get less refraction.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And so they basically look out and they started,
they started perceiving things,
not just with the telescopes,
but it's a,
it's an audio telescope.
So they can now make out colors because of the spectrum that they pick up.
And all of a sudden they're looking at galaxies that they'd seen before just as
shape.
And now they're seeing the colors so they know the gasses that are within these
galaxies.
Oh my God.
So incredible.
And someone figures that shit out.
Well,
so baked and just sit together and go,
wait,
we're hearing this.
He hear that noise,
man,
that's a color in a different galaxy.
Did you guys watch the new cosmos last night?
Yes,
I did.
It was awesome.
It was amazing.
Oh wait,
who's hosting that?
Neil degrasse Tyson.
You're fry.
Fucking incredible.
It's so good.
It'll make your toes curl the end.
He's got a speech at the end where he talks about when he was 17 years old,
Carl Sagan picking him up and taking him to his office and showing them around
and talking to them about being an astronomer and then signed a book for him to
future astronomer.
And he's fucking 17 years old.
And he tells this story about Carl Sagan,
his kindness and his welcoming him to the,
the,
you know,
the Brotherhood of scientists.
Like essentially like inspiring him to be who he is today.
One of the greatest,
one of our greatest public speakers about signs ever.
Neil degrasse Tyson.
I mean it's,
it's tough to get a more passionate,
engaging guy speaking with a sense of humor,
with a great sense of humor.
So,
and just super brilliant guy too.
But his story about Carl Sagan meeting him and sort of mentoring him and giving
him his home phone number.
Wow.
Those bumps,
Matt.
Just flat goosebumps.
Amazing.
That's amazing.
It wasn't just a scientist,
he was political.
He was very much about world peace.
He was about stopping nuclear proliferation.
Who's about marijuana?
Was He crossing and smoked marijuana?
Virtually every day was alive.
Wow.
Yeah.
Carl Sagan and people you don't know their sure.
Just to.
Great Work of a good man.
No,
look,
I will tell you a quote that I have on my message board that I use.
This is by Carl Sagan.
I am convinced that there are genuine and valid levels of perception available
with cannabis and probably other drugs which are through the defects of our
society and our educational system unavailable to us without such drugs.
Boom.
I mean that's a very well measured way of saying we'd is awesome.
That's it.
Very well.
And other psychedelic drugs,
LSD,
they're bringing back exactly this test.
And you've seen that this a real Germany or something?
Well,
there was a recent study here,
LSD study that uh,
maps put up.
But you know who else is producing that cosmos is a Seth macfarlane.
He's the executive producer.
He's the guy who,
he's the guy who reintroduced it.
Good for him because he doesn't have enough to do.
He just directed a movie that he wrote,
and while he was doing that,
he wrote a novel based on the movie he's making as he was executive producing
the new cosmos and overseeing family guy.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
March 4th,
2014 the results.
So the first study of the therapeutic use of lysergic acid dye,
ethylamine [inaudible] [inaudible],
is that how you say it?
Like ceramic acid?
Diatima made LSD,
that's all anybody ever says.
LSD and humans over 40 years were published online in peer review,
Journal of nervous and mental disease,
sponsored by the nonprofit Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic
Studies.
We had Rick Doblin from there on the podcast.
He was awesome.
Yeah,
really,
really interesting guy.
And they're trying to let people know from all these different psychedelic
studies,
but this double blind placebo controlled pilot study in 12 subject shows to see
statistically significant reductions in anxiety following to LSD assisted
psychotherapy sessions.
Yeah.
They talked about specifically fear of mortality,
Lsd,
bing you with,
well,
did you ever see Larry Hagman when Larry Hagman talked about that before died?
Larry Hagman,
uh,
he was on CNN,
I think it was.
It was one of those major network news shows and he said that doing acid,
uh,
was one of the,
changing moments of his life because it removed his fear of dying.
I said,
he no longer is afraid to die.
He said to became completely at peace with it because he understands what it
really is now.
And that's,
that's what Buddhism is based on.
I mean,
their book is,
you know,
uh,
what is it,
something about Dodd,
the book of dying because once you accept death and you can start to live,
that's a good way of looking at it.
It's certainly not good to be a fearful person.
If something that's inevitable,
I think about it too much.
It's under,
it's hard to not,
we also have to have kids.
We also don't have a good system.
Like our system is like we've inherited a broken system of culture or our system
and the way we set up communities,
our system and law enforcement,
our system and prisons are system and drug enforcement.
All that shit is poorly formed and it's,
it's we're,
we're,
we have been born into the momentum of these shitty ideas and we're stuck with
this two party system or stuck with corruption.
We're stuck with all this really shitty Pete.
It's like everybody being shitty to each other because everybody else is being
shitty to each other and no one knows how to stop it.
No one knows how to stop it.
One knows,
no one knows how to stop beating the shit out of your kids.
So you raised monsters that you just released out into the world cause you
fucked their fucking brain up when they were little babies.
We got to,
if we can figure out a way to stop all that and in tasks,
Wifi and institute a more logical way of communicating and dealing with each
other,
we have massive potential.
It's like there's so much potential for the human race right now.
And this is one of the craziest times ever as far as the ability to pass ideas
around,
right?
There's never been a time like this,
but yet it's still a time where Russia is in the middle of a fucking war.
What are they going to do again?
They're invading Ukraine.
They're going to take over the United States like Dick Cheney,
but it's fake heart is saying that we should go,
uh,
consider Miller
call called war.
He's talking about military action against Russia.
What the fuck was just the chance to call?
It's the chance to call,
uh,
Obama Pussy,
which is all they want.
And if you look at,
I just reading this thing about which conflicts we decided where moral to get
involved in,
whether you're talking about Bosnia or Rwanda or I rack,
you know we are all over the place in when we think it's okay to jump in when a
country is invading another country.
Kuwait.
Yeah,
that's fine.
Rwanda,
no.
Subsahara Africa where the fucking John Jewel weed or cutting people's fucking
arms off from raping women system at.
Nope.
Yup.
Note son.
Cause there's no fucking oil.
North Korea is the best example ever.
North Korea was a horrific place with nuclear weapons.
Not only that,
you talk about human rights abuse.
People are living in fucking prison camps where they're born in a prison camp.
It's a prison camps because of the fucking thought crimes of their parents and
they're being raised to turn their parents in it because they saw their parent
like take a piece of bread.
It's fucking nuts.
Someone drew a guy who was a prison guard.
He drew all the various stages of,
of a prisoner.
See if you can find that.
He drew North Korean prison guard or it was a prison guard or escaped prisoner
as escaped prisoner.
Yeah,
it was an escaped prisoner and he had drawn all these various stages of a,
might've been the guard of think w but whatever it is,
these images of like how they would decide like when a person was,
when you could kill them,
when you beat them up,
when you starve them.
Like it was like they had broken them down into categories.
Like this is a person that's basically dead.
This is a person that's like less look drawings by North Korean countries.
Can't buy an escaped prisoner.
Yeah.
Okay.
Was a prisoner,
but he was talking about people just essentially starving to death.
The guards would just randomly beat people to death and that this is how they
kept people.
This is like he's talking about the different weights that the people would be
at and how they would stand like there were starving and they would make them
stand in front of the,
all the different generals and soldiers make him stand there.
No,
all they eat there is like cabbage soup twice a day.
I look at these bodies all hungry all the time.
They got the scarf tied up in.
This guy's just kicking him and other people were watching and waiting to get
their next,
they fed people that dogs.
Yeah,
like regularly too.
Dogs.
Just wrap your head around that,
wrap your head around starving someone to the point where they just literally
can't defend themselves.
Then pushing them into a bunch of dogs at dogs.
Just tear them apart and then then think about the fact that these people are
living in 2004
13 and we know about it.
We weren't doing nothing about it.
I mean,
I dunno how much it's going on over there.
I don't know if it's an isolated camp.
No,
no.
They had a lot of escape people and they all corroborate.
They get them to describe it separately and the stories are consistent that they
live in fucking barracks,
just like a gulag and they work sunup to sundown.
They barely eat and they're,
and deer,
they're killed in front of the rest of the community where you have to watch.
If you avert your gaze,
you could be killed.
Yeah.
Well,
I'm,
I'm sure it takes place when I say that.
I don't know what's really going on.
It's because I haven't experienced it personally,
but these,
these stories that we're getting back when I was going to say is they're there.
If they are true,
they're one of the scariest things ever.
The country with nuclear weapons.
How about the fact that it just kills his uncle and then kills his uncle's
family?
He killed his uncle's 20 year old kids because he didn't want them growing up to
kill him someday.
He killed everybody and he took the wife and gave her a raise.
Nice Dude.
I mean,
this is 2014 and this is crazy shit.
And you know what?
The economy of North Korea's,
it's methamphetamine.
It's a ID theft.
Nothing they do is legal.
They,
everything they do is they've got fucking computers hacking all over the place.
There's selling drugs to,
uh,
China and Russia.
Jesus,
they don't have fucking crops.
They don't have shit.
But then look at South Korea and it's his booming economy.
They make the best cell phones in the world.
They have awesome televisions.
Their electronics divisions are off the hook.
I mean they have like some of the fastest internet speeds in the world.
Those motherfuckers come over here and they kick ass.
They start with the fruit cart and they ended up with a fucking factory.
Will the work ethic in education?
Immunity?
It's unbelievable.
Unreal.
My friend,
junk Schick.
I Wa when I was a kid,
when I was doing taekwondo,
there was a friend of mine who's somewhere around my age,
maybe a little bit older.
He might've been like a couple of years older than me who?
He was a national taekwondo champion and he was also a doctor.
He was a trained to be a doctor,
so he was going to medical school and he was still,
and he was on the US Olympic team.
I mean he was on the national taekwondo too,
right?
It wasn't the Olympic team at the time.
It was like,
I think it was 86 and he could play the shit out of a cello a,
I don't know if he had any musical talent,
but I never met a dude in my life who worked harder than this guy.
This guy would fucking study all day and then you'd run upstairs who'd run
upstairs like in the dormitory.
And he was like,
he had glasses and he was very slight and he wasn't physically very strong man
at all.
He was just really fucking smart and really hard working.
And his father really wanted him to be like a national taekwondo champion as
well as being a doctor.
So he won the fucking nationals.
He was a guy that I trained with on a super regular basis.
Just being around that kid,
like in seeing him go through medical schools,
keep seeing him constantly studying.
When I knew that I would fuck off.
Like I just,
I wouldn't be able to do it.
I would need some,
some,
some blow off.
I would need something.
Right.
But with him it was nothing.
There was no girlfriend.
There's,
we didn't have girlfriends like on,
at the time,
like,
uh,
you know,
in time rather.
But at the time when I first met him,
when he was training for the national team,
there was fucking nothing going on in that guy's life except work.
There was barely enough time to sleep.
Yeah.
We hear about the market,
like my daughter plays the flute and she just had this,
they have to get certified at a certain level.
You go and you test to get certified.
Um,
they did helps you get to the next level in your school band.
I don't know what the fuck it was.
I've taken her to test and I just sit there going on and I didn't care.
She goes in and she comes at and I go,
uh,
Jeff Fun and she's like,
yeah,
I think I screwed up a few times.
I'm like,
all right,
let's go to Starbucks.
I gave you one of those frozen things.
Cheer up.
I'm watching this fucking Korean mom and I'm reading the paper hanging out out
front.
She's sitting on a chair waiting and the second the kid comes out,
how did you do?
How was it?
And the kid is not in a scary way but like concerned and the kid,
the kid was in a suit.
My daughter is wearing shorts and a tee shirt.
Like you just saw the differences culturally and how they have expectations for
the kids and it's not like authoritarian.
It really is just like they are all over you.
Well they are unbelievable hard workers and very proud of the hard work that
they've done.
And they want their children to be hard workers too.
Like my friend's dad wasn't,
it didn't beat him up but didn't do anything horrible to him.
He was,
he loved him.
Right.
He expected a lot.
He knew his kid was exceptional to his kid is exceptionally smart,
exceptionally tough.
You know,
he wasn't a physically gifted guy and he won the nationals.
Right.
He was,
he was amazing.
But I just remember being like very influenced by him by his work ethic about
like so impressed with it.
And that's,
it's amazing when you think about it.
All this anti immigration shit is like without these people coming in with that
spirit and that,
that edge and that desire,
it helps our kids
tell you what Greg Fitzsimmons,
I don't know what government agency working for.
You want to talk that communist bullshit,
but you obviously never worked at the mines.
I worked at because
as soon as the Mexicans came over here and start taking our land,
okay,
you couldn't get a fucking job there and everything went to shit and then math
came in so you can go talk that fucking east coast liberal bullshit all day and
all I want to do,
sit in the hammock and eat fucking mango.
Lazy,
get welfare.
It's dead simple.
Come in here Sam.
Drop a baby,
go back,
get fucked again by some drug.
Lord.
Come out.
Pop out another little mix again.
Yeah.
How many,
how many jobs is a Jamaican need?
Seriously?
You can't take all the jobs.
You mother fucker making us look bad.
Fucking up the union hours.
Cause there's all these union rules.
You know like,
like unions.
Like you get time off during the day,
you get coffee breaks.
They,
they every good union contract.
Oh we had it scheduled in.
Oh yeah,
I been in a union.
I've been on union jobs.
What did you ever watch?
TV shows and stuff like that.
Supermarket.
And we used to get breaks.
Like you work an hour,
you got fucking 12 minutes every three hours,
you've got a 45 minute lunch break.
It was suede.
Oh they had it set up nice.
Yeah.
You know,
and there was a,
I had a buddy who worked at a,
a automotive factory and he was in the automotive Worker's Union and they had a
bunch of jobs that really could be done easily by one person,
but they had two people assigned to those jobs just so that the insured,
there was more jobs,
right.
So they created like a fake job.
And what these guys would do is they would do a four on four off.
So like if you and I were partners,
we would,
we'd be working in a a factory,
but really you could do the job easy by herself.
And I can agenda job easy by myself,
but this way you work four hours a day and then I come in and I take over the
other four hours and you could fuck off for the rest of the day.
So you have to seek a job for eight hours.
You get paid for eight hours.
So the job gets done no matter what because someone's always there that you're
there.
I'm there were a team and we're pretending that we're working in eight hours a
day,
but you know,
you're going to the gym,
you fucking go to the post office.
I buddies,
like I was saying,
I grew up in a town that had a GM plant.
And so a lot of the people there,
and it was like the drug use was rampant.
These dudes,
if they had a,
if they had a noon shift,
they were all to fucking do drop in having a couple of shots before they went in
all smoking pot.
And you know,
and,
and here's the thing,
I'm very pro union in the sense that we have big business,
we have multinational corporations getting bigger and bigger,
beating down minimum wage,
healthcare benefits.
So they're ha,
we have to fix the fucking unions.
They're fucked up,
they're bloated.
And they,
you know,
they cease to function,
but we got to fix them because without them there's no push back against the
corporation.
Yeah,
well I agree.
I think that things get out of hand.
They go back and forth.
That's what it is.
It's like is it important to have them?
Yeah,
it is,
but is it important to not let them get out of control and get fucking crazy
ingredient?
Yeah,
that is too,
right?
Because it's sort of anti competitive.
I don't think that you should be able to pay person a nickel a day to have
them work in your factory,
but if it is legal to pay a person a nickel a day,
just because they live on this fucking side of the line,
that's,
that's fucked.
Like what?
What does this company,
what are you selling?
What are you guys selling?
Okay.
There's only one way to sell things.
Let's just be real clear.
You have to pay people and you have to pay them like an actual good amount of
money that they can live on and can't have him living in fucking dormitories.
We put nets up everywhere because they want to jump off the roof.
If you're really an American company,
you're selling shit.
You shouldn't be fucking running sweatshops.
You shouldn't be having places in Mexico where someone's making a dollar a day.
Yeah,
no,
that's just it.
Oh,
that's what you're saying.
On the other side of the line right there that a company has to be
accountability for,
I mean,
you hear about these Cambodian fucking sweat shops where the with the building
goes on fire and 200 people die and it's barely in our newspaper.
If that shit had,
if one person gets a hangnail at a place in Michigan,
we all know about it,
but meanwhile they're not human beings over there.
Exactly.
If that was over here,
it would be horrendous.
If you had seen any of the things that you're seeing and Foxconn where they're
trying to make adjustments and alterations to their fucking,
their workers' lives to make it easier to live in the factory where you work,
it's still,
you're living in the factory where you work.
It's like there's this new thing that's seaworld is putting out the same black
fish is propaganda by the activists like these tweets and they're getting
assaulted online because people are reading these offensive tweets like you guys
don't understand it.
It's not whether or not black fish was,
you know,
somehow or another edited to make you guys look more evil than you actually are.
What you do is inherently evil and now we know that's what's going on.
Like your job shouldn't exist anymore,
right?
You guys are trying to save slavery,
you're trying to save orcas.
These super intelligent things that kill they kill on a regular basis.
That's the life in the ocean killing fish and surviving.
You've removed all of that.
You put them in a fish tank and they can think and they have accents.
They have different areas where they talk differently.
They have a full complex language that we don't understand and yet you
motherfuckers think that blackfish is wrong because they've exaggerated some
certain points.
Are you crazy?
Yeah.
The spin on both sides.
Well that's the problem is like we need some kind of a,
it used to be the New York Times and that kind of got my,
but what is the news agency that both sides,
the reasonable part of both sides can go.
All right.
Let's just say New York Times is not too far in either direction and,
and pull,
if they do a story,
you can't fucking spin it.
Yeah.
I think there's some people today that are coming up now that are involved in
internet media that are going to have a way better chance of pulling this off
then anybody that's a part of CNN or anybody that's a part of,
um,
but there's,
uh,
I'm glad you brought that up because there was a thing in the news yesterday
about pussy riot getting attacked,
puts you right,
got attacked in Mcdonald's and now
they're saying Russia.
Yeah.
They're seeing,
it's staged.
They're saying that the attack,
that pussy riot getting attacked by these men,
like randomly in the Mcdonald's a stage and there's a video of it.
So Brian pull up the video that they're staging at themselves.
Yeah.
That it's fake.
I could say that.
Well,
I mean,
they're performance artists.
That's what they do.
I know,
but they're,
but they're making themselves out to be victims.
Like that's their message they want,
they want a stage,
someone persecuting them and beating them up because they're losing their,
they're losing their heat a little bit.
They're not the hot,
they're not the hot item that people are talking about.
So they got to get back in there,
but they just got a horsewhip there are a couple of weeks ago.
It's almost like they're addicted to the attention.
Yeah,
definitely.
That one is so fucking hot.
Which holy Shit.
And she did porn.
You can,
you can see are doing porn for pussy.
Right?
Do you have the video?
Yeah.
And she's got the most beautiful face.
Nice rack and excited.
Lou,
you're moving your hands in your lap and you got us see pussy riot.
But how gangster are those girls that go to fucking Siberia?
They locked him up in cages in Siberia and then they're out protesting for gay
people at the Olympics and they could have got out if all they had to do was
sign some waiver that they were enemies of the state and they could have walked
and they were like,
no,
we'll do our time.
So how do you feel about them?
I'm very impressed with them for that,
but how do you feel about them?
If they really did fake this,
their music's horrible.
That's all I know.
Where's it the one on the right?
Her on the left,
but there's a video,
Brian.
There's a video of them getting beat up.
That's not it.
They're performance artists.
I think that by staging that it's the same way that,
you know,
when we sent,
when we sent students w uh,
protesters to Selma,
Alabama,
we knew they were going to get beat up when we sent it in Mississippi.
They were going to get beat up and we were going to get it on camera and it was
going to prove a point.
Right?
That was all staged.
Yeah.
Well it is in a sense,
if you know it's going to come right,
you get cameras there is staged.
You know,
that's a Alex Jones technique.
Is this actually them
the covered with,
oh,
that's a little too convenient getting their hair Patrick's day.
This is how you know she's fake.
There's no paint in her hair.
Chicks don't want to get their hair painted.
Oh,
here's the girl.
Yeah,
she looks a little calm.
Wait a minute.
These don't add hitting the pretty ones.
Okay.
So for folks who just listening,
you're like,
what the fuck is going on here?
Um,
these girls are sitting there eating and then some guys come over and they start
fucking with them and everybody says it's fake.
It seems very fake.
It seems fake.
I mean like the guys are like kind of half smiling.
The ones that attacked and,
well,
you know though,
if you really understand Russians,
I don't,
I'm not convinced this is fake Russian guys or some tough motherfuckers there.
There are different breed and I think they're used to conflict on a regular
basis.
So I think the way they interact with each other like,
like so close to violence and you'll smiling and shit like that.
I think that's legit.
Right?
Physical violence over there.
It's not the same common place.
It's not the same thing.
But I watched a lot of like found fights on the internet and the Russian ones
are just there
on a totally different level.
Here's why.
I think it's fake or the,
I think it's stage.
At least the girls are just sitting there like are there waiting for it to
happen and there to calm that.
Nothing bad is gonna happen while they're getting yelled at by these fucking
hooligans and there's a lot of cameras.
That's a big one.
Camera Angle before they even got attacked.
Yeah.
Fun.
The porno of the hot one.
Don't,
don't,
don't tell it.
Oh,
you don't put that on your,
no,
we can't use stream of a pull it off.
Yeah,
but don't do it because I don't want you to get obsessed.
I look at you,
look at your face.
It doesn't take away from the good things they do,
but it's disappointing,
right?
It doesn't it.
Is that how you feel about seeing something like that?
If it is fake
now,
I think it's about taking a theme and trying to illustrate it through
interactions in the,
you know,
that's,
that's cause you're a god damn liberal politics.
That's true.
Well,
I think Wallman.
Where's the fucking pants in the house fit?
Salmons ever since they brought capitalism in Russia.
They ruined the whole God damn thing.
They had a good thing going socialism.
These chicks are standing on the edge of a doc.
Is that what that is?
Now?
This is that the Olympics.
That's a wall behind them.
I thought that was wonderful though.
That's real.
They whip him with,
with the horse whips.
Dax.
Yeah,
and they whipped it photographer too.
Yeah.
That's how you knows.
That's real shit.
No,
I think this was real,
but it might not be.
It might be bullshit as well.
It'd be funny if it was,
if they just keep doing these things over and over again,
staging these things to make the show what assholes.
The uh,
the Soviet cops are,
but it really,
it was awful.
God,
that was,
the Olympics was so fucking what a disaster.
The money they spent and the fact that Putin,
the whole time he knew what was going on in the Ukraine and he was going to
these sporting events and you get to,
you look at his face,
he was not enjoying himself.
He was very preoccupied with the Ukraine.
Well,
that's an intense thing,
man.
You imagine being that car,
that guy is essentially taken over a country,
right?
I mean,
they have his photos.
Did you see all the different people that took photos of the photos of Putin
shirtless in their hotel rooms when they were staying over there?
No.
Shit.
Yeah,
shirtless Putin.
It's fly fishing framed on the wall.
Like he's a legit dictator.
Like Putin is a dictator of a giant country with a fucking a space program.
And the only way to get people down from the space station,
by the way,
you know,
we don't have a space shuttle anymore.
Oh,
that's like a gravity.
They had to go to the exact question wanting to get home.
Exactly.
Either going to have to give the Russians or we'd have to go to another country
that's got a space program that's got a working shuttle.
Wow.
They,
the space shot a lot
of commission.
Could we get a ride?
Do you know how nuts that is,
man?
I mean people like,
Whoa,
fuck and money.
No,
we read fucking,
we need to fucking fix this and fix their,
we don't need million fucking sports,
but I've seen that argument before.
It's such a stupid argument.
It's one of the dumbest arguments ever.
Amber alert.
Did you just get an amber alert?
Damn.
It's one of the dumbest arguments ever because we are at our highest level
capable of doing shit that no racist done before.
We still have all these social issues,
but our capabilities,
our technological capabilities are,
or our abilities to affect our environment,
our abilities to create these innovative pieces of electronics and machinery and
it's never existed like this before.
It's never exist.
This is as high as it gets and we should continue to pursue the highest level of
that at whenever possible because at some point in time,
we're going to reach a point where we have such control over our environment
that we can eliminate all of the bullshit that we go through with pollution and
overpopulation,
all these different aspects.
We're going to be able to literally engineered the world.
We'll be able to make food it that feeds everybody and it has no shelf life that
has shelf life of a hundred years.
It might not be us,
it might not be our grandchildren even.
But if we stay alive one day,
we will reach peak efficiency,
will reach some sort of a technological singularity where we figure out a way to
control everything,
to live in harmony.
We figured out a way to eliminate violence through technology.
That sounds preposterous,
but why would we assume that emotions,
you know,
can't be eventually managed?
Why would,
why wouldn't we assume that we couldn't program minds to be healthier and more,
more aggressive thing,
but I don't know.
With all the technological advancement we make,
have we come across any,
any means of improving people's,
not emotional,
spiritual,
we'll wealth.
Not yet,
but yes.
The one that allows the vehicle of human interaction to much larger channels,
that's the internet allows people like there's a lot bad
still cerebra I'm talking about,
I mean there's,
it's affecting people.
It's cerebral for sure,
but cerebral changes,
mindsets,
change culture,
right?
I mean it's,
it's the most impactful thing.
The human race has ever seen.
I think it's just happened right in front of our face and it's like a
firecracker went off and everyone's like trying to figure out what happened,
what's going on,
what happened?
Like if somebody threw an mad and a garbage can right there,
boom.
For the first couple of seconds you're like,
what the fuck is going on?
I really think that's human beings with the invention of the Internet.
I think we don't even understand that the the,
the bomb just went off.
We're just shaking our heads and we're going,
what the fuck is happening here and we're off.
This is the beginning of the weirdest connection that an organism has ever made.
The whole organism is going to become one mind like that really is going to
happen.
Yeah.
If you look at what does the trend really clearly is that individuals are going
to see sort of ceased to be individual.
The trend seems to be that we're getting close to each other.
We can communicate with each other better.
We can share information with each other better.
We could spy on each other.
We can get into each other's lives.
We can allow each other to know where each other is all day,
every day with a gps tracker on your phone.
We're gonna figure out a way to study everybody's email and study everybody's
phone calls.
Oh,
we already have it.
And the NSA is doing that right now.
Like what's going on?
We're getting closer and closer and closer to some sort of a weird connection
with each other and we're fucking putting our,
but it's in that,
the access to it,
it's the access to it because they,
the corporations have already got it.
You know,
they,
they've already cataloged and are taking every time you clicked.
There's,
there's like five major private,
uh,
information gatherers that are out there,
but we don't have access.
If you want to ask one of those companies,
I want to see my patterns of spending.
I want to see my patterns of shopping.
I want to see where I go.
They've got it.
You can't get it.
Yeah.
Well that's,
that's,
they get that from credit card information.
I get all that and I get the idea
Google and through the,
they give it all up,
but what I'm saying is that we're going to come a point,
there's going to be a point in time where there is no Google,
there is not,
I mean there's going to be so much connection that you won't really be able to
have any money.
Like money right now is ones and Zeros.
It's money is his numbers and it's on an account somewhere and numbers that are,
you know,
they're,
they're in banks.
I've got another amber alert.
No numbers are in banks.
Numbers are being traded back and forth on credit cards and they're going to,
you know,
you could paper notes account for some of it,
but it's all bullshit,
right?
A certain point in time,
money's going to be just information and if we have complete total access to
information right now,
which sort of what we're leaning towards,
they're going to hit a boundary.
We're going to say,
okay,
here's what we're going to have to figure out.
We can either press forward with civilization and abandoned money or we're going
to have to stick with money and we're going to have to stop innovation right
here because anything interesting,
any thought about that any further,
and we can't control this
cause it's kind of a joke as it is you,
it's all,
it's a concept.
We have credit,
we have credit cards,
we have student loans,
we have stocks that are going up in price that we don't even know what the fuck
they are.
It's a number and it,
it just ebbs and flows in either direction and the government.
And the corporation's goal is to just keep you a little bit behind and scared so
you keep working
well there.
There,
there are organisms,
corporations are organisms and they're trying to keep themselves alive.
And if they can spend money to influence laws to make sure they can keep moving,
they're going to keep moving.
But at a certain point,
time isn't money,
just information.
And if all information is free,
we're going to get to this weird sort of area where if it keeps traveling in the
area that it's,
it's going,
we're innovation and money come to a crosswords,
a crossroads.
We're going to be so advanced that we're going to have to think culturally
whether or not we have to develop some sort of a different reward system than
money instead of just thinking like,
this is what it is and this is how it's always been.
It sounds always going to be.
It doesn't mean that you shouldn't get reward systems for behavior reward
systems for putting an effort.
You should be able to get more things for your effort if you show,
like if we have freewill and a person can't tell you what to do,
you should be rewarded for putting in a lot of energy.
There's or not.
That's creative,
innovative energy or has also got to be task task,
uh,
responsibilities.
You know,
there's also responsibilities to your community,
responsibilities for you write your own waste and your own environment.
There's a lot of things that we were going to have to take into account carbon
footprint.
Yeah.
But at the end of the day,
we have this idea that is the way to do it because it's the way we've always
done it,
but it doesn't take into account possibility.
And there's,
there's other possibilities of a way that we could manage a bunch of organisms,
like humans,
human beings interacting with each other.
It doesn't have to be a fucking credit card.
So it's almost like we used to be paper,
so we would have sort of a digital identity that I'm just talking.
But what I'm saying is if I pay attention to what's happening with,
with information,
what's happening with technology,
if you try to like put it into,
if you weren't a person and you were some,
you know,
being from another planet and you're looking at what we're doing,
like,
oh,
they're building something.
They keep getting it better and better every year and they're building
something.
No,
I mean,
I didn't know what the fuck they're building.
They don't even know what they're building.
They're just building something and along the line they're getting themselves
addicted to making new things.
Like why the fuck would you be so addicted to making new things?
This is laptop.
They could stay,
keep it like this forever and I don't need a new laptop,
this laptop.
Perfect.
Right now.
Why are we making new models like expected to make them every fucking year?
They have to.
They have do they have to develop programs that are so complex that utilize the
processors and these things just to make it,
it doesn't even make sense.
Why you have a three Gigahertz fucking laptop.
Like what do you,
what do you make?
What are you doing?
You probably,
unless you're crushing video and let's see me doing audio editing,
unless you're doing it a lot of like really heavy tasks where you don't need
that.
I need that sheer addicted and they got to make it smaller and smaller every
year.
Well,
I can carry that thing around easily.
Dude.
We're weird.
We're weird and we don't realize how weird we are.
Like while we're being weird,
we don't realize it will.
Well,
let's you know,
you gotta work on this life to make money.
What the fuck is money?
Who are you?
What is this?
What are we doing here?
We're in a giant factory that it just doesn't have,
it doesn't have real walls,
so we don't,
we forget that it's a factory,
but we're a part of this.
And if you look at the resources that you have available to you being 24 hours
in a day and a certain amount of your health,
I think about what you dedicate most of that resources too.
And what's your reward on that?
What do you got house?
You've got a box where you can fucking pass out every night in front of the
television.
Is that what you're doing?
You're a part of a fucking factory.
You're a part of a job
dog at night.
And I look in people's windows and you just see that blue flipping thing and
people sitting want to dance like you work all fucking day.
Most people go to a job,
they do not like they sit in traffic and they have a miserable eight hours if
not 14 and then they come home after all that work.
And the payoff is to sit and watch an episode of modern family.
And this is not taking anything away from people that find themselves in that
position because Greg and I have both been there and it's not taking anything
away from people that actually enjoy their jobs.
There's nothing wrong with working if you enjoy your job,
right?
Like we're working right now.
How about that?
Just as our job,
right.
And kinda right.
Right,
right.
No,
I mean do doing podcasts or doing standup when you're doing standup,
your work,
when you're writing your work,
when you're fucking around,
joking around and you come up with ideas that's worked for you.
Right.
But it doesn't feel like work because it's awesome cause it's so fun.
Yeah.
There's nothing wrong with finding a way to make Mongolian bows and selling them
online.
There's nothing wrong with that.
But if you have a problem with what you're doing and you continue to do it,
you're going to be miserable.
Right?
Doesn't mean that you,
you know,
you have to do one thing or have to find out what you don't like and don't do
that first.
Find out what you do like.
And I bet there's more than one option,
man.
You might funnel your options in one direction because you think it's your best
chance at success.
But most people that enjoy anything,
they have a pretty nuanced view of the world.
Like you,
I know you like,
you like to play golf,
you like to play pool,
you like to write,
you like to produce shows you like do standup comedy,
you like a lot of different things and you do a lot of different things.
And if one of those different things opened up some strange path and you decided
to go down it and,
and,
and form this excellent career,
what,
what does it,
is it by chance?
Is it because you have more than one option?
Is it because one thing resonates with you more than it's cause you have
options.
You could do whatever the fuck you want.
Yeah.
It's a combination of options and abilities.
Well option.
If we have the abilities then you feel more excited about this thing.
Yeah,
so I think,
and also I was thinking about this the other day,
I can't wait to change jobs.
I don't know what the next thing is,
but I know that I'm going to follow it.
I mean podcasting,
I started out,
it was a fucking lark that I started doing podcasting us and now I look at it
like,
man,
I get a fucking excited every day thinking about what the next podcast is going
to be,
what guests they got coming up and you know,
something happens in my life and I'm like,
oh,
this is a great fucking narrative piece I can bring onto the podcast and I'm
going to have more understanding of a by the end of the podcast because I'm not,
I'm going to think about it in a concentrated way for like,
I don't know what the next thing is,
but there's going to be a next thing and,
and you just got to say,
I'm going to go with it.
Whatever it is.
Yeah.
Well it's,
you also don't have to stop doing standup,
which with you and I is always been the main behind the machine.
Right.
Even when you took time off of doing stand up,
you were still stand up.
Never.
I never took time off.
I mean,
if you've never taken a week off,
I would say.
Yeah.
What's the longest you've ever been offstage?
Probably a month,
which is rare.
I did three months once.
Did you decide when he came back?
I got injured.
I forget what it was.
The injury was a motor.
It was no nose.
When he carved out your nose mean no,
no,
I didn't take that much time off then I was on stage like,
uh,
I think like two weeks after that hair worried.
Worried that it was gonna not hair plugs with real quick.
The uh,
the bleeding out of the nose.
I was worried that people are gonna think it was a coke head.
Right,
right.
W I really,
I was,
that was my number one thing that I didn't want to have to explain.
Yeah.
I got my nose fixed and then I wasn't actually a cokehead please like classic,
like you're falling apart Hollywood moment.
You're bleeding out of your nose on stage.
And then if you're bombing as well,
like what was that blood?
Oh Shit.
And then your,
your act goes into the toilet.
Can I?
Yeah.
Can I plug my standup dates?
A punchline?
San Francisco,
March 12th through the 15th.
And the 16th I will be with the Great Joe Rogan at the Hollywood improv.
It's the night before Saint Patrick's Day.
We're going to do some fucking jokes.
We're going to talk about the rage and the violence and the pride that comes
with the Irish people.
Oh,
hey.
And then I got a bunch of dates.
I'm gone.
I don't know,
go to [inaudible] dot com like Denver,
Fort Lauderdale,
a bunch of places,
good times my friend.
It's the best times.
And it's hard because with kids,
you know how it is.
You fucking,
it's bittersweet.
You walk out that door and it's like,
I'm going to miss you.
And it's also like I'm going to be alone in a hotel room in the gates.
Yeah.
That's not a bad thing.
Well,
it's,
it's good to have a little breaks,
you know,
and there's a recharge.
Right.
But,
um,
I definitely like doing more gigs near home then I used to,
I'd like to travel less,
you know,
like going to Irvine and places like that.
Yeah,
yeah.
Irvine's great.
You know,
like going Ontario,
it's fun Ice House,
Ice House to do all the time.
I like going to a comedy magic club.
I'm there on the third.
I'm you want a lot of Jay Leno spots cause Jay Leno does every Sunday night
right to her most a beach comedy and magic club.
Well he's now going to start going on the road.
So Mike,
the Sunday night,
Mike is gonna,
you know,
start handing them out to a bunch of different people.
So I've done two of them so far.
I did one and then I'm doing another one on the 30th comedy and Magic Club is a
fucking gem of a club man.
Dude.
I'll come down and do a guest spot next time you're there.
We'll set love that place.
Yeah,
you want to work with me?
It was all right.
There you go with gentlemen that we did it Sunday the 30th March 30th Greg
Fitzsimmons and I,
we're going to have some fun.
That'll place is beautiful.
It's beautiful setup.
It's,
it's,
it's so good.
It's so good.
It's such a good club and it's got such a great air in it because Mike is like
the nicest person that's ever walked the face of the earth.
It's like the whole staff is like friendly and Nice trickles down from him.
Cores,
the like,
that's like the nicest,
most laid back staff ever.
Right?
Imagine that guy.
He's your boss.
He's just the sweetest of sweetie pies ever.
I don't trust him.
He made me learn that Nice.
I'm always like,
I'm gonna see some angry dude pop out.
But it never happened.
You made me cry once.
Yeah.
Why?
Who's telling Brian that he's going to die of cancer and that he cares about?
Yeah,
because Brian smokes and he telling him,
he's like,
I,
my wife works with people that are dying of lung cancer.
Death is horrible.
They have to strap you in and you literally drowning in your own fluid that
fills your lungs up.
Uh,
it's unbelievably horrible and it's avoidable and it's avoidable.
You caused it and that's the other thing is like,
you're not going to get as much sympathy if you die of that.
People are going to be like,
well,
it's a good lesson for us.
This is illegal for me to smoke this in here,
by the way.
Now did you know that you're a fucking criminal?
What is it called?
Trump cigarette inside of it.
Your work deal on those.
I'm totally uneducated about that.
Is it bad for you or good for you?
Well,
it's not nearly as bad for you as cigarettes.
That's a fact.
But the issue is should you be able to do it in public?
And they just passed a law in la that says you can't do it in public,
but it's ridiculous because you can just do it and no one even knows you're
doing it.
Like it doesn't smell like anything like that.
You don't need to smoke.
Yeah,
but it's vapor.
It's not really smoking.
You know,
like one of those blue cigarettes when you buy those things,
like you'd have that commercial with Jenny Mccarthy and she's like,
you know,
be being sexy and selling blue cigarettes second east six years.
Yeah,
you can just get a jolt of nicotine,
but it's the most,
their secondhand smoke though.
None.
Zero.
So I can inhale his nicotine or you went into hell,
Shit.
You're just getting vapor.
That's all it is.
It's,
it's like they're like little electronic vaporizers.
I cook.
You don't smell that.
See that one's a little different Brian.
I got to tell you,
cause that looks a lot like more like smoking.
It lingers in the air.
Okay.
Whatever that is.
We're breathing it.
And so we're getting some nicotine.
Yeah,
I dunno.
We're getting something.
It's vapors.
Okay,
but hold on,
let's not talk shit.
It would know who's measured that stuff.
I'm saying that there's actually no tests that they don't really k now I'm
smelling it,
man.
I'm,
maybe I might be on to this law.
I might,
I might be down with this law is nick.
Wait a minute.
You're blowing.
You shouldn't be allowed to do that legal.
And they smell it like shit.
We already talked about that.
The other podcast cans till my choke.
You son of a bitch and you butchered it.
Yeah,
you butchered it.
But it's nicotine.
Not Bad for you.
Uh,
nicotine is not good for you,
but it's not.
It's really the tar from smoking.
Nicotine can be good for you in certain situations and it's a good,
uh,
cognitive enhancer.
And it actually can give you like a little boost cognitively and write like a
little speed,
you know,
it's like an accelerant.
So I see crazy people smoking.
Well,
people who are very creative,
like a lot of writers love right cigarettes and they get it from the smoking.
You get like a little burst of creativity,
right?
There's a lot of people that believe that.
Um,
but the,
the bottom line is there's 500 and something chemicals in a cigarette.
It's not just nicotine.
Like if you just smoked a cigar,
I guarantee you it's going to be healthier.
It's probably not healthy when they put these chemicals into this cigarette to,
in order to make you more addicted.
There's a documentary or a movie on it called a the,
uh,
the inside is an insider.
Yeah.
Where he's a
chemist and he's talking about all the different things that are done to
cigarettes to make them more addictive and how they act.
And it's a fucking terrifying scene because it's just a movie.
But this shit isn't fiction,
man.
Okay.
This is a recreation of a real case.
And so when he's describing the effects of nicotine and the added that they put
in their 500 plus whatever they are,
when he's describing that he has to be accurate because this is a movie that's
shitting on one of the biggest companies,
corporations on earth,
tobacco,
corporations,
tobacco corporations make untold trillions of dollars every year.
Worldwide.
You're dealing with one of the biggest monsters ever.
And they're not just tobacco.
They,
they diversify and they get into buying food groups.
And so you can't,
yeah.
This think of how much money they have.
When you make a movie shitting on them,
you gotta be,
you gotta Cross your fucking t's.
Dot Your I's.
So you know that what you're hearing is accurate.
All right?
You know that what you hearing,
although incredibly terrifying,
is fucking legit.
Secondhand vapor from e-cigarettes contains nicotine but not other toxins.
Well that's not cool if it contains nicotine,
you can't be blowing that out.
You shouldn't be able to affect people with your shit.
Yeah.
You shouldn't be able to.
So I agree with it.
And you didn't know why I agree with it.
Cause you greedy bitches with your fucking wheels
barrel's full.
You got a God damn oil can over there that you're,
you're sucking on.
Yeah,
look at the size of that thing.
Come on.
That's like a Horse Dick.
But if people didn't use to smoke cigarettes,
now suddenly they're,
they're doing this vapor stuff right.
There seems to be like a real attraction.
And then I heard that they were there trying to market it to kids.
There's like a watermelon bubblegum flavor.
This is cotton candy.
Yeah.
And I've been saying this forever.
The only reason I'm still smoking this now is because it is a lot healthier than
smoking a cigarette.
Well,
I mean I would imagine so.
I would want you to know that.
Why wouldn't you just,
well
this is just,
are you imagining,
so you're just sitting back imagining?
Well I thought your help everybody.
I think everybody agrees that this is healthier than a cigarette though.
I don't know if everybody agrees on that,
Brian.
I think that it's probably healthier than a cigarette,
but I'm an idiot.
I don't,
I don't even understand how the body works.
I don't understand what the fright,
I don't understand anything.
A lot of complex functions going on right now in my body that are critical that
I have no knowledge of.
Yeah.
You know,
that's,
that's what I know about me.
I don't know shit.
So when I talked to you,
I know,
you know less than me,
I'm like,
well,
you're fucked.
You're fucked.
Fuck more than I'm fucked.
I'm fucked.
Yeah.
You're,
you're,
we're all fucked.
And everything they find out in these studies seems to reverse itself after a
while anyway.
So the rules should probably be put less shit in your body.
I don't drink anything except for water and coffee.
That is the thing.
But there's also that the body adapts and the body changes.
So we were dealing with a body that's dealing with this current environment.
But if our environment starts to show changes,
we're going to show expressions of those changes in the genetics,
which is really fucking weird.
You know,
there's a doc,
a,
um,
uh,
a piece that was done recently on Melanin and skin and people getting a darker
in dark climates like Africa to avoid skin cancer,
that it was a natural selection issue to deal with the radiation,
that there was an extreme amount of radiation coming down at them.
So there's an extreme solution by nature of that turned out to be the most
successful thing.
So it's not that all people started black and then became white.
It's that people were growing up all over the planet and wildly different
climates and as they were evolving in these wildly different climates,
different things happen to them.
They might have all had an original source monkey or whatever the fuck we were
back then hominid but as we spread out,
until he's different,
we just,
we just adapt it to our environment.
This is why reason why Chinese people have like really skinny eyes.
I don't know what it is,
but whatever the reason is why they like to develop that,
that thin slit where you're,
you know,
you don't have like this big wide eye and to develop like a less hairy body,
whatever those reasons are.
I don't know what they are,
but that had
thank God for them.
Well,
I'd had what I mean when I look at an Asian woman,
like every one of those attributes,
the little,
the little slitty eyes,
so she can't,
she can't see that I have no hair because she can only see the middle part of my
face and she's got no hair.
So that,
that's,
that's really nice.
Beautiful Feet.
A lot of them do.
But there's,
there's some those women that give their feet bound.
That's an Asian thing too,
but that's how they got so nice.
They were,
they were bred to have little tiny sweet feet.
They're not,
they're not like big American women feet with the fucking Bunyan and like,
and there's like one toe that's longer than the other one doesn't bother me.
No,
it doesn't bother me at all.
But the crooked toes bother me.
Yeah.
It shouldn't,
shouldn't really care.
I'm all broken up.
Why would I get yours?
Must be all fucked down.
Oh,
they're fine.
I'm kicking people.
That's weird.
Yeah.
I don't have any,
anything,
uh,
feet,
smell go.
Oh well,
definitely.
Who's don't?
If you have your feet don't smell,
it means you're not working.
You're not getting anything done.
I feel like mine smell bad.
I just foot spray everything and it still comes back to the next,
maybe it's a health issue.
Yeah.
Maybe you should wear sandals thing,
man.
Well,
you know when you're on your feet or
it's just sitting in these like polyester cotton socks.
Right.
And you're sweating and so I'll just brewing funk in there.
I mean,
when you have a plastic sock.
Okay.
That's what a nylon sockets.
Plastic socks on.
Is it?
Does anybody wear nylon socks?
I guess they do.
Right?
They're kind of nylon,
right?
Yeah.
Ray on whatever fuck socks made out of.
It's not made out of wool.
Okay.
And anything other than wool.
It's not going to accept all that moisture and dry it up very well.
So things that get soupy in there and like,
especially if they're like plastic cottons.
Pretty good about your actual fibers go.
Those things are exact.
A Mundo
your balls smell Brian?
Uh,
no but I take like two showers a day but I was thinking they should have like
ball hats.
You know like where you put your balls and like a little little sock.
Wouldn't that make call underwear dude?
Yeah,
anywhere.
It doesn't like fuck he talking about wet and like
they're like smaller than pants and you put them on there like shorter than
shorts.
Wait a minute,
wait,
I feel you on this.
What would you call him Greg there under your clothes.
Under the ball.
Socks,
socks and then they have like an opening.
What if there was like an opening you can open for your penis to come out of
like it's there technically,
but the flap is so big
that you actually can't.
I'm,
I'm down dude,
let's invest money.
That's an interesting thing that certain parts of nature we can't recreate.
Like wool.
Wool is like one of the best things.
If you ever outside in the cold and you have clothes on and you sweat and you
dry off.
When you're wearing wool,
it wicks the water away from your body.
You don't get cold.
It's amazing water from coming in.
Yeah.
The difference between wool socks and we'll like a under garments and cotton is
astounding.
You wear cotton,
you get sweaty and then shit gets wet and then it sits you and you freeze your
fucking Dick off.
It's the worst in the world.
If you hike somewhere and then you sit down like you know,
like you're hurt yourself maybe and you sit down,
you will get so fucking cold and he would get so cold if you were in cotton
because it's all wet.
But not wool.
Wool is amazing.
We can't figure out a way to recreate that.
What of it and silk,
same thing.
Silk has that property.
I have worms.
Yeah.
So because of that property as well.
Um,
silk actually keeps you warmer then.
Uh,
most other materials,
even though it's thin.
Well it's very like tight knit,
right?
You know,
it can retain your heat very well.
And it's like a wet suit or something like that.
Do you wear wool socks?
Yeah.
Time.
Especially when I go out and cold places are always wear wool socks.
Oh Shit.
Yeah.
She probably a wool underwear too then.
I'm worried they might come.
Colony might fester near my asshole.
It doesn't start conference.
There was a video where a guy um,
was that Nag or this weekend and uh,
they were doing Naca is the North American grapping association.
They were doing a match and they were in the middle of it and the guy farted and
the other guy threw up,
tapped out and he threw up,
pull the video brand.
Cause it's online.
It's,
it's uh,
how does that get ruled?
Cause if that all the taps,
two taps
shower so that they have [inaudible] pits,
right.
Writing might be the next,
here it is.
The guy is a Kaizen guard.
Try to pass guard.
And the guy on the bottom look,
he starts tapping,
tapping and then he throws up.
But he really did throw up man.
I mean look,
the guy,
it was tapping for no reason first of all.
And then he threw up.
Let me see this one more time.
Let me see.
Here's my problem with the black guy farted.
I'm looking at the technique that the guys technique it less he gave up right
away.
Go all the way back to the beginning.
I'm interested in what's going on here.
Cause the guy in the bottom is,
is this like blue belts?
These guys will see blue belts
cause there's a lot of space here.
So that way the guy in the white farther.
Yeah,
the guy in the white fart in the book and the Black Dude's face.
And then he said he just had the majors far in my face,
but he really did throw up,
man.
He really did throw up and the guy's like,
I'm sorry.
Hey Man,
I'm sorry I fart in your face.
You hear people laughing.
Yeah.
Well look,
it's,
it happens in class all the time,
but I mean people fall in your face all the time.
So don't you think people for matches are going to start eating?
Fucking let the be have they always have really good people.
People have gone into matches,
like especially,
uh,
key guys.
They'll not wash their geek for like fucking days as smell like death and just
smell like a rotten animal.
And you've got this covering your body and you're smothering people with his
rotten animal.
Like if you mount a guy and you,
you,
you know,
like if you're an a match,
you could press your geeky up against the guy's face and they can't get away
from it.
So you're putting the stinkiest millions rag and he's just thinking about all
the ringworm he's getting right now.
All this strap infection,
it's so nasty,
right?
There's dudes that like we've had to yell at like,
man,
you've got to wash your fucking shit.
You can't come in here smelling like that because it's also how bacteria gets
bread and it's how people start getting things like ringworm and things along
those lines.
A lot of times it's people,
they'll develop colonies and they're fucking clothes.
I mean that's the reason your clothes smell bad.
It's gotten pneumonia or ammonia rather from your body,
from all your sweat,
all your stinky sweat,
fermenting,
right?
And sit in the trunk of your car and then you're pulling it out and wearing it
and shoved it in someone's face.
It's fucking gross.
Yeah.
When I played hockey,
everybody,
nobody washed their fucking gear and it's all like a,
you know,
the pads are all absorbing sweat guys to go whole fucking season and not only is
a sweat and then you stick it in a bag and zip it until the next practice.
I know it go.
Got a staph infection from Thai pads,
like the leather pants,
like there were so dirty.
This guy's kicking the leather paths.
He gets this horrible infection all over his shins.
Yeah.
My uh,
my friend just went to Israel and you know,
a lot of the,
uh,
Orthodox Jews don't really shower very much and apparently you shouldn't fly.
I think it's ll and I should be careful what I'm saying because this,
this could really get the,
this is a Jewish,
a Jewish family.
My friends married to a Jewish woman and her family said,
no,
you don't fly El Al because it's got a lot of the,
I don't know if it's acidic or I think it gets it's Hasidic Jews and the plane
you could say,
can you imagine sitting next to somebody for 10 hours that has that rank sours?
No,
I can't.
I couldn't.
I mean it busts happen all the time though.
Right.
So I guess there's other airlines that fly though.
There's not as concentrated
too.
God Damn.
What did,
what kind of a wacky religion would tell you to just smells horrible as you can
just let yourself just funk of fines,
your balls and cheesy and we know that you're supposed to be clean.
You right,
right.
You know what they say though?
They say you're actually probably better off washing yourself with no soap.
Just washing off all the dirt and all this stuff and like letting the funk a
little bit
just grow on you and they're like,
you'll develop,
like if you're eating healthy,
you're develop some sort of a healthy skin flora.
Yeah.
But the problem that I have with that is,
man,
you're going to look,
you can be gross.
Like if you wash yourself,
you're still like you're,
you're,
you're scrubbing off a lot of the bad stuff and you smell better and you can
interact with people better.
That's got to count for something.
It does.
Bill Gates apparently was disgusting.
It was like,
no,
seriously,
like I read,
I read his biography and nobody wanted to work with them.
Nobody could stand next to him.
It was,
he was like a real hippie and he,
he didn't wear shoes and he just,
uh,
you know,
he had long hair when he was younger and he was just like this disgusting Gross
Hippie Steve Jobs.
You mean?
What did I say?
No,
you said Bill Gates.
Oh,
fuck did you mean Steve Jobs?
I met Steve Jobs.
There are different guy.
Fuck,
that goes to Bill Gates.
Guy's still alive.
He's still getting his feet.
And then I like the toilet or something.
I can't remember why.
Yeah.
Toilet.
Why would he put his feet in the toilet to wash.
Dot.
Yeah,
he was gross,
but Oh God,
I don't use deodorant.
I've never used deodorant.
Really?
I just don't have that.
My pit smelled like just a little bit,
but probably about the same as somebody.
He uses it because the more you used the odor and it clogs up the pores in your
pits and it actually makes it worse and it can cause cancer.
Why?
I always felt that people who think they don't smell usually probably smell.
You want to smell me,
Brian?
No,
don't do it.
Don't do it.
I won't allow you to is a derailment.
It's going to ruin the show.
You're going to throw up and we're going to have to clean that guarantee.
Get in there.
Is it bad?
I you're so full of shit.
It's actually pretty nice.
It's pretty nice.
We took a shower before you came here.
He came a couple of days in traffic.
Hey,
I took the four oh five to the one on one and then into a podcast.
If I was going to stink,
I would think that would be the time.
That's true.
Probably ever interview someone on a podcast.
You see their fucking sweating and you're like,
wow,
people get nervous on these fucking things they do now.
It used to be nothing,
right?
It used to be just go on and talk and no one worries about shit.
I had to show up at their publicists.
A lot of people did.
A lot of people show up with the public.
However,
the publicist asked me questions,
what are you guys going to talk about?
We're going to talk about you right on necessary.
You are,
well,
your client first,
your clients can smoke pot and then I'm going to ask them about their balls is
not going to happen.
We're not going to take direction from you.
Crazy.
Right,
right.
Fuck out of here with that.
Although it is nice though.
I fucking hate booking guests and I love it when a publicity like I got a
relationship with a couple of them that have cool clients.
Oh yeah,
no,
it's like Jim Jefferies,
a publicist has got like a bunch of really cool people that he sends me.
No,
there's definitely cool publicists.
The problem is when they want to start dictating what the client will and won't
be willing to do.
Like,
like I don't ever want to talk about something that one person doesn't want to
talk about.
I don't want to like pull the dirt on anybody.
I want you to have a conversation.
I want to find out what's going on inside your head.
That's what I want.
So don't worry about it.
And if you don't want them saying what's going inside there,
you guys need to talk.
Yeah.
You know,
you guys should talk amongst yourselves.
Figure out what the fuck you're doing
because you've got to pretend to be somebody else.
You're gonna have a problem no matter what you do.
Just be yourself.
Yeah.
And a good publicist will only put you on a show that is a good mass.
You work with Michael O'Brien,
right?
Yeah,
me too.
It's great guy.
He's the greatest guy in the world and he,
he is all about matches.
So then when he approaches like the a v Club or the New York Times or whatever,
he would never bring them a client that's not appropriate for them and vice
versa.
And that's why he's got such a great reputation.
Well,
he also,
he,
he enjoys what he's doing now.
He enjoys comedians.
He enjoys the world of standup comedy.
He's a very bright guy.
So he's got all these good things going for him.
Great Roster.
All his roster are interesting people that are kind of independent thinking and
yeah,
now he's an awesome dude,
man.
He's awesome.
And you know,
it definitely does help if you want to get on.
I mean,
if you wanted to just get on the Letterman show,
are you wanting to do all these different things?
Like it'd be fucking a pain in the ass for you to organize that shit yourself
and go chase all that shit down yourself.
What have you have a publicist doing it?
They do all the leg work for you.
They have direct connections with all these people.
That book these shows,
it makes it more convenient.
Right.
You know,
I think that in today's Day and age,
you know,
it's all about finding someone who's going to let you express yourself is with
his little sort of a push as possible.
As far as the publicist.
Yeah.
As far as anything,
as far as a manager,
as far as an agent,
because a Ari had a situation where he,
he dumped his manager because it was managers,
agent,
whoever it was,
because the guy was telling him not to do a poop joke because it was a shit.
It's a shit joke.
They should stop doing it.
It's a shit show.
Meanwhile,
the bit destroys and ours,
he's like,
okay,
you don't get it.
So it gets rid of him,
which is what Ra would typically do.
You know?
But he's right.
You can't have a guy like that and you were in your lineup.
You can't,
you can't have a guy who thinks that one of your best bits ever is not good
because it's about shitting yourself.
Right.
See what it actually did happen.
I mean,
he's telling a real story about something that happened to them.
That bridge,
there's a bridge in Sydney that you walk across,
it's crazy fucking bridge.
And once you're committed to walking across that thing,
it's a fucking,
you know,
it's a half an hour journey,
you know?
And in the middle of it,
he had a shit
like bad and he shit himself and it's fucking hilarious.
The story is hilarious.
And this dummy was saying,
you shouldn't tell it because it's a shit storm,
right.
It's not like he's got a history of shit stories.
He's got a history stories,
you know,
art,
he talks about it,
whatever it is that he thinks is funny.
Well,
I remember Louis C K had an agent and he,
Louie was going to go out to pitch a sitcom idea and the agent goes,
uh,
okay.
So,
uh,
we're going to set a meeting on Tuesday.
And Louis was like,
okay,
great.
Who is it with?
And he was like,
you know,
with us,
so you could come in and pitch to us and we can,
uh,
give you notes.
And Louis was like,
here's your job.
You call the network and you set up a meeting.
And I go pitch to them,
I don't pitch to you,
I don't fucking take notes from you.
And uh,
and that,
so then he of course went out and sold the shall,
but yeah.
Wow.
That's ridiculous.
They wanted to be a part of the creative,
the two.
Some people feel like,
hey,
you know,
I'm not sure about this pitch.
Maybe you guys know what people are buying,
but you don't tell the clients come in and do it.
Well,
you're right.
Especially when the guy has a Louis C K but I know of um,
uh,
an agent that has one particularly needy client where they go over their set
list,
they go over every bit they do,
they go over like any idea that they're going to pitch,
they have like mock pitch meetings and he makes the agent's like be a part of
all this.
And he calls him up all day,
every day.
Like he calls them up constantly.
Many times guys,
I talked to my agent every couple months and I just say,
you're working for me.
I,
you know,
I get shit.
And I go,
but like then I think about the clients that are,
every time I call the other guys on the other fucking line,
I realize he's getting more for his 10% that I'm getting from my 10% but the,
you know,
the guy who woody Allen first work with,
um,
John Joffey who this manager,
he had like three fucking clients and it was like Steve Martin,
Woody Allen and somebody else.
And this guy would go to every fucking set.
This is early on.
He'd go to the comedy cellar with Cafe Wha or woody Allen was first working out
before he had any success.
He knew this guy was brilliant and he sat with,
he'd go to a coffee shop with them afterwards and they talk about his sat and
you know how he should maybe write a short stories about it.
Those days are gone.
Mac,
you imagine,
I mean,
you have that,
you have that relationship I think with Jeff Sussman where you,
you trust him creatively and you can have talks about content.
Definitely.
Well,
Jeff is the funniest manager ever.
He could've been a comic.
He didn't no desire to be a comic,
but he easily could have been calming.
It's funny,
he says Funny Shit,
right?
And he doesn't buy into nonsense like you know,
he's like the first guy to call bullshit on something.
I want to,
I don't want to mention particular names,
but the guys that he was right about,
you know,
we like took her husband,
there's nothing happening there.
Stop.
Just stop it.
Like somebody would try to say that this guy was funny,
this guy's good and he's like,
this is not going to whack it.
He's not going to last like he's doing bullshit up there.
And then everybody's like,
oh I thought he was doing really well.
I thought he had a good set tonight and then a year later assessments.
Right.
He's,
he's got a weird sense of comedy.
He's a weird guy,
but he's also like,
he's like a real old school manager,
you know,
like he's like involved in the full career.
It's a project for him like Kevin James,
whether it's me,
whether it's the other guys that he,
he handles a keys involved.
Like it's a project like you really are working with them.
It's a,
it's a,
he's a weird dude,
but he also like trust everybody he works with,
he knows that,
you know,
if Kevin's gonna do his thing,
Kevin's going to do it the best that he can do it.
He knows if I'm going to do something,
I'm going to do it the best and he knows that we'll bring them in and ask
questions to them.
Right.
Cause we respect him as a person,
but he'd never feels like it's his job to like tell you to come in and you're
going to pitch to him and then we're going to go out and you're like,
and also to respect your clients.
I know a lot of managers,
big managers,
they got clients,
they don't,
they talk shit about them.
And you,
you're sitting there,
you're like,
okay,
I get that word t you're making fun of this guy,
but you represent them that that means he's should be an extension of you.
Well,
the,
this very few people that are like that.
That's one of the things about saucepan and that makes him so amazing.
He's just a,
I'm so lucky I'm met that guy,
man.
I met him when I was an open miker yeah.
You know,
cause I had the same manager for 20 fucking three years or something crazy like
that.
I mean that was a scrub when that dude found me.
It's amazing.
He's the best.
He's just a great guy too.
You know?
It's like the more great people that you have that around you that you really
love being around.
Like you see him,
like whether we're talking about Brody,
you see Brody get this big,
I have a lot of people,
people like that in my life.
Like saucepans one of them.
I see him,
I just get this big burst of happiness,
you know,
like that guy represents like a longterm friendship,
a great guy.
Just the more people like that you can have in your life,
the better your life will be.
Yeah.
I think that,
uh,
you know,
my,
my circle gets smaller and smaller and it's,
and it's just feels good because it,
because I just realized like,
I can't possibly,
like you and I,
we don't spend enough time together shooting pool just,
you know,
I want to fucking go.
Yeah.
We'll go on the road together.
And I realized there's so many people that I,
I have to cause like they're my kids' friends' parents and we'll do a thing and
it's like,
Oh man,
this is time for my life.
I could be fucking out with rogue and we're going to be having fun.
Just laughing like ridiculous.
Right,
right.
Yeah.
There's,
there's definitely that.
I mean,
it's nice when you run into,
like,
we have some friends that we,
our kids are friends with and the really interesting people.
Well you got to find friends that have kids and let your kids become friends.
Yes.
The order,
that's a good order.
Can I have that with Callan?
His kids are friends with my kids.
Right.
But it's just fucking like the random chance of meeting like the parents of one
of your daughter's friends and you being forced to like have conversations with
those people and have it be enjoyable.
Hmm.
Oh God,
man.
I have to listen to some,
first of all,
you see people disrespect each other.
Oh,
go on dates and you see like the,
the husband will disrespect of wire for the wife would disrespect the husband
and they'll do it in front of you.
It's like until like check each other and you're like,
whoa.
And you're just around this,
you know that there's some darkness.
As soon as they get in that car and now it says those doors shut and they know
they're alone.
You fucking cunt.
He fucking ruin the entire DNF.
Why did you ask him about being a podcaster?
You know,
he's,
you know,
he's does his own thing.
He's not pot,
you know,
he's on pot,
right?
All that kind of shit.
But yeah,
I think that there's a certain,
Matt and you,
you were just,
you expect if I go out to dinner with another couple,
me and my wife,
we're going to talk about them as soon as the door closes.
But it's going to be fun.
It's not going to be like heartgard it's going to be like,
oh,
did you see when he said that thing?
Right.
You know,
did you see that?
And you kinda like have your notes as soon as the door closed.
He both that but it's not mean spirited but,
but with those people,
you just,
sometimes with the couple you feel
like,
man,
they're going out to dinner with us for the wrong reason.
Yeah.
My deal breaker,
number one deal breaker is someone was rude to the help jol I've had that happen
a few times.
We'd go out with folks and uh,
you know,
like the,
the husband's rude to the waiter,
like for no reason.
Like orders them around or something.
Or two does something that's gross or tips really shitty.
I get
maybe slipping bell and then you can see how much each is paying on the bill.
Yeah.
Did the tipping Shitty is a fucking,
that's a sign of really bad character.
Right,
right.
You know the,
the whole,
that's a very bad exchange because the person is sort of like acquiescing.
They're serving you.
Nobody wants to serve you,
man.
Someone serving you there.
They're there at your beck and call trying to do a good job and you don't reward
them for that.
You're ruining the whole relationship.
Right.
The whole relationship is artificial.
They don't want to serve you dummy.
They're serving you because that's how they make a living and you're supposed to
reward them for it.
Right.
Like,
and it's a good system.
Like if you're a waiter in another country,
you don't make as much money as a waiter in America.
If you're a good waiter,
you know,
because they don't have fucking tipping right now.
You get paid,
you get paid,
you work for the business.
And maybe they get,
maybe they,
which usually,
well,
it's just how it should be.
By the way.
I don't get,
why isn't 20% just add it into the Bale and you pass it is.
But here's the thing.
A lot of people get mad when they see it.
A lot of people went,
oh,
how come I asked to be 18% who the fuck says I'm gonna tip 18% I want to tell
you something.
Well,
this guy was just fucking late with the water.
And you know,
everybody wants what they want.
You know they,
they want control.
They want judgment.
If a plumber comes over to my house and he gets there late and maybe he makes a
mess,
I don't get to pay him less,
right?
He says,
you know,
he's giving me a service.
He's doing his best.
I can choose somebody else next time.
You know your ideas,
you,
when you go to a restaurant,
it's not,
it's not like you're going to pick the same waiter and you know,
you don't wanna.
You don't want to have to like take a chance on someone knowing that you're
going to tip.
Well.
You know what you want to do is go to a place and assume that everyone's going
to tip.
Well.
If you want to work at that place,
you should assume that everyone that comes in,
it's going to be nice.
Now,
in the perfect world,
it would all be the guys going to get paid the same amount no matter what,
but then where would be the motivation to be really nice?
Like part of what you're getting when you go to a restaurant,
you deal with the waiter is,
is fake
bullshit.
Yeah.
Paying for that fake bullshit,
sir.
Would you like the Oregon Pinot Noir?
I recommend it's fruity notes.
Who are you man?
Who are you?
Why is this interaction happening?
It's a strange way.
Notes.
You're,
why are you calling me Mister Rogan way?
Call me,
sir.
This is a beard.
Shit,
man.
You're just a dude.
I'm a dude.
What do you got,
man?
What's good?
What's good to eat here?
Why did you ask me three times how things are going?
I was in the middle of a sentence and you broke it up with,
is everything okay?
It was too.
You fucking interrupting me.
I'm giving you 20% back off.
If the problem is also,
it's like if you get that service,
it's just as likely that it's because the manager understaffed or the cook is a
fucking drunk.
So the food's not coming out in time.
So you're the waiter bearing the brunt
of a bunch of things that could be going wrong.
Right,
right,
right.
Yeah.
The waiter is definitely the guy who's taken the heat,
but you know,
they're not all innocent either.
You know,
sometimes you get a shit waiter.
Right.
And that's,
you should pay them less.
You should tip them less for sure.
But if you get a really good one should tip the more.
Yeah.
It's,
I think it's a good system.
As long as people were cool,
well then we should extend it to other jobs.
We should.
Yeah.
That's where it gets weird.
I was talking to this girls at Starbucks and uh,
they would Starbucks,
um,
at the airport and normally they don't have a tip tip thing.
And I go,
uh,
I go,
do you guys have a tip thing now?
And she goes,
yeah,
we're not supposed to but fuck it.
I go,
yeah,
fuck it.
You should have a tip thing.
I go,
how come you guys have a tip thing?
And other people don't?
Is that what it is that other people don't have a tip thing?
So they get upset and it was always the bookstore.
That's what it was.
And she was like,
yeah,
that's exactly what it is.
Like the people that work like selling books that they don't get tips,
they get upset that we get tips,
we sell coffee,
I'll be doing it serving coffee,
but they have a jar that they left the billboard like,
fuck it,
we're just putting the tip out.
I'm like,
Ooh,
I love it.
Some interfacing physicists,
they're making minimum fucking wage
starting around Greece all day.
They're dealing with,
you know,
uh,
I mean,
let's be honest,
people at Mcdonald's are not treat,
are not that.
The same customer base is Starbucks.
Starbucks.
You got a bunch of,
you know,
well,
you know well paid people well mannered and they're coming in and then you get
tips.
Mcdonald's,
you're getting fat,
stupid people that eat McDonald's food.
You're dealing with them.
You're dealing with a kitchen that's filled with minimum wage cooks,
so they fucking suck and you're not getting a tip.
How does that make sense?
It doesn't make any sense this way.
Worst jobs in this world,
there's,
there's like all jobs are not created equal by any stretch of the imagination,
right?
But those bad ones almost exist to let you know,
like as an individual,
of course they exist in a system,
a society system,
but as an individual,
those jobs almost exist to let you know that you for sure don't want to do that.
It's like the feeling of it being,
it's like being in a real bad relationship,
right?
Like what?
What gets you out of a relationship?
It he fucking explode.
That's what happens.
You get to a certain point where you like,
will you just shut the fuck up and leave me alone?
I can't take it.
His negativity anymore.
We're done.
We're done here.
Okay.
We boom,
like you have to hit this well,
you gotta hit the bottom 15 order to change and you've got to have that
Mcdonald's job to appreciate a really good job.
And it's great to talk about later.
Like you and I,
we talked about our first jobs.
It gave you the motivation to get up,
get on your fucking horse and get out of there.
Yeah.
If you didn't have that motivation.
And that's where when we're talking about money,
like our society designed to sort of encourage motivation,
which encourages success,
which encourages financial rewards and encourages you more attractive to the
opposite sex when you're driving a Ferrari to a lot of checks.
That's a fact.
A lot of people get really mad at that,
but that's a fact.
It's just the fact,
I mean,
there's just too many dudes who are ugly and old who have really hot wives,
right?
I mean,
it's just fact.
Guys get billions of dollars,
giant yachts and their fucking these hot chicks and it doesn't make any sense.
But that's a fact.
You can't deny that fact.
Why is that fact exist?
Well,
it exists because we've got a weird system that a weird system and that's one of
the holes in the system.
One of the holes in the system is that achievement as as superseded actual
physical desire for a lot of these poor gold diggers and they let this wrinkly
old cock sucker shoot his dry loads
and you got to pretend you love it.
Oh baby.
Oh yeah.
Putting my mouth baby.
While you're like you like that guy who got his face farted on through up at
Naga.
That's what you think.
Thinking this old man fucking creeps on you and he doesn't share on purpose just
to degrade you further if it's all about the money.
Yeah.
Why don't you say suck it now baby?
Well,
there's a lot of guys at definitely have a resentment towards these golden oh
yeah,
for sure.
Especially once the woman's,
the fun has worn off of the game of pretending you're attracted to the man.
Hmm.
Which,
you know,
if you're a guy who's not attractive and
you're successful and you believe in your head that you're something cool,
there's something special about you.
Look how well I've done.
And this defines me,
this watch to just watched a $50,000 watch and this is a fucking $20 million
state.
And you get that shit in your head and you get a girl and she tricks you with
your own ego.
She can get baby.
You're just amazing to be a brown.
I'm just so lucky we met each other.
Meanwhile,
she's perfect.
Her tits or just melons bobbing gently in this really strange,
thin material clothes that she wears that clings over her hips and just inches
lower than her vagina,
just hanging inches lower than in vagina or bubble ass and perfect clay gap
under the pussy hose.
Jesus Christ.
And She just strokes your cock kisses you and you're like,
I'm married.
Betcha.
Wait a man.
Yes,
yes,
of course.
Ties.
He's like tire.
She's Thai.
So she gets that shoulder room.
Oh yeah.
And that's the thing is you realize with her,
not only am I getting the fucking body,
I'm getting shoulder rubs,
I'm getting subservient.
The bitch can cook treats the help.
Well,
she gets it and you can go out with her.
And she knows how to treat your friends.
She knows how to kiss you on Friday
when you're sleep because she realizes that she's tricked you into having a
Shitty,
we'll where she gets paid because your kids are your,
she convinced you the kids would be better off if you didn't give them a safety
net because that would make them successful like you.
So she played to your ego and you cut the kids out of the will and gave all the
money.
It was crazy tie bitch who starts slowly poison in your drink
and she won.
She earned it.
That's the thing about like Anna Nicole Smith when his fucking stupid kids
wanted his state.
No,
Anna Nicole was sucking his dick.
Didn't you just do a bit about this?
Fuck Yo,
my closers.
Well,
it's a whole thing about them saying like,
oh my God,
she's taking advantage of him.
She's only been,
she's the only with him for his money.
I'm like,
don't you think he fucking knows,
right?
Like I made $1 billion from scratch.
Chances are he's a tad crafty and it was like this whole thing about like how
you want to die,
dude.
You'd want it to shaking and alone in your hospital bed surrounded by loved
ones.
Or do you want to get a big Fat Kentucky Fried Hooker and just blow it out?
And it was all him dying telling her to lick his ass and all the different
shitty did to her right before he died.
Well,
and the kids have done nothing and they think they deserve.
You were raised with all that fucking money.
You went to private schools,
you had tennis coaches,
he probably bought you houses.
Why do you need more?
What the fuck did you do?
You didn't suck
deck.
You need to get your own money.
Stupid,
right?
He rode the ride and now it's over.
And I think also in this,
it sounds fucked up,
but that exists because it's a predatory situation.
You're,
you're prey.
You know,
if you are vulnerable,
old,
weak emotional guy who also has $1 billion,
we weren't going to prey on you,
right?
They're going to pretend to be something they're not.
And they might need to convince themselves that they are that something that
they're pretending to be because their instinct to try to acquire your wealth
and your social status is so strong that they want to be the Trump girl.
They want to be the new girl that Trump leaves his wife for
black and white.
I mean if you're a woman that grew up in that paradigm,
maybe your dad had money and your mother was a stay at home mom and maybe she
had a a a hint of that and then all of a sudden you're involved in charitable
organizations and you're taking his wealth and you're,
you're channeling it to positive things.
So you see it starts to not necessarily be about is see the one I would have
married just based on his looks and his charisma,
but it starts to become about like,
well,
life is pairing up with somebody and being powerful.
Like you watched house of cards.
No I haven't,
don't,
don't you fucking spoiler alert me to say the relationship is about power.
I know that movie,
the show brother is supposed to be amazing.
It's amazing.
Jumping onto it next,
but it's basically about how a couple can be together because there are a power
couple and it's interesting bill and Hillary most likely,
right,
right.
Absolutely.
Most presidents,
I think probably you have to be,
I don't think you can do that thing on your own.
I think that's a nutty fucking job.
And the first lady has a prominent role in our culture.
I mean,
she's constantly speaking and doing these things and I think you're dead right?
I think you're dead right about that.
And I think,
um,
it's also that we're also talking about just two stops on a broad range of
possibilities from ultimately totally evil Russian hot prostitute who steals
your organs when you're asleep at to someone who just doesn't want to work.
And the guys kind of cool and he treats her good and so she stays with them.
You know,
I've seen both.
I've seen,
I've seen people get victimized and I've seen people that are just in sort of
these relationship where I wouldn't want it,
but it works for them.
And that's it.
Times they're out in the other way that the woman will tease and be like,
oh honey,
you know,
I wouldn't be with you if it wasn't for the fucking money.
Oh,
it's not even a tea.
He goes,
of course I know that.
That's a movie that's in a movie.
What was the movie that was in,
there was a movie that was in where the tin,
well,
no,
the watch,
Schindler's list,
uh,
terms of endearment.
You can't even help it.
You do it right away.
You can eat shitty fucking flood tune picture in Oregon's hanging out on,
on the beach.
Um,
I forget the movie man,
but it was just about,
about a guy who lost everything and in the scene like his,
his wife was like laughing about it when everything was going great.
And then when he did lose all the money,
she did fucking leave them.
Hey,
well actually it was in the wolf of Wall Street too.
It's a common theme in the wolf of Wall Street.
Obviously.
It was a crazy coked up fucking maniac piece of shit.
But when he was going under and his business is going on it,
that's when the wife left him.
When he was doing great.
The wife wanted him when he was married to another woman.
I mean like it was,
it was a classic story.
So it's not like that's an unfamiliar paradigm to us.
It's nature.
It's a wounded antelope that gets taken out by the lion.
It's,
and she needs somebody to provide for her or she doesn't.
But in that role she does,
if she chooses that role,
if she chooses the role of fucking the old wrinkly shaky man with his fucking
Pale translucent dick that he sticks inside of,
we could see as he's coming,
could see the veins like pump whatever blood of God and it's like a little
highway going down his fucking Saran wrap skin filled with Viagara.
Yeah,
and just shooting dust bubbles into her pussy.
Yeah.
Yeah man.
I mean they changed her nipples.
You can take that choice or you know,
you could start an art gallery and become a multimillionaire on your own.
I mean,
you can do that too.
Know it's,
but when you are that girl,
okay,
if you are that 25 year old girl than Adderall problem,
that's looking to try to hook up with some old billionaire dude and marry him so
they'd be taken care of for life.
You're that.
That's your role.
That's what you've chosen.
You might have more potential than that,
but it doesn't mean that that's not what you've chosen.
Oh,
you don't even know baby.
She's so slick.
She's so smart.
I mean,
that is one of the smartest girls I've ever met in my life when she met him and
she put out to get,
it doesn't matter if you're talking nonsense,
she's still that girl.
She's a prostitute.
You can't say no,
no,
no.
Listen,
you can't say she's a prostitute and I know her and she's powerful.
And what she did was,
yeah,
she's really clever and she figured out a way to admit me like guys,
no,
no.
She's still prostitute.
Right?
You're missing the whole point,
right?
It doesn't matter if she has all this potential.
She rates 150 bucks a week.
Okay.
Don't fucking tell me that girl is so goddamn smart.
Oh my God.
You're saying she's not smart.
Go See.
She's a hooker.
Alright.
She's playing the role of a hooker
opposite in terms of a female and a male because sometimes women are so hot that
the guy is getting something out of her and he's putting up with not,
not having love,
not having respect for her,
but wanting that pussy so bad or that status of being with somebody that's that
hot that it is.
Same Way.
He's a prostitute for what he's getting from her.
Oh yeah,
there's certainly,
I mean there's exchanges other than money that are unfair.
The reason the old man gets the girl in the first place is because of his
fucking
money.
That's it.
So it's honest fo people know what they're getting sort of,
but it's not because they're playing a game called love in the game is BB.
I'd love you.
I'm just so happy to be with you.
Oh you love me.
Oh,
come.
Do you want some Dick?
I thought your tech maybe carpet in the law.
They're playing a game.
Somebody wins.
He gets pussy,
pussy is she drugs him?
It's a problem.
Well,
it's a matter of maintaining that relationship and this allowing her to fuck her
personal trainer.
Right?
She's going to,
okay,
she's going to look how hot she is.
She's got this little waste,
this dynamic body.
She's 25 years old and you're 90 she's going to fuck her trainer.
Just accept it.
Be happy that you could fuck her and don't ask questions.
Prager
out.
Open
dose with just a smile.
Yeah.
Rich old man.
She won't have to worry.
It's fucking Great Eagle's song.
Wow.
Well you can't hide your lying eyes,
man.
It's a fucking jam jam.
See,
it's gonna be hard for you because when you met your wife,
you were already very successful.
You had money.
Me,
I had my girl.
I fucked up because I was single when I met my girl,
my now wife Fucking,
I had an MTV game shell and I was like,
I met her at the wrong fucking time.
I could aligned up so much.
But that's not true because you,
you enjoyed it.
See,
everybody's worried about it,
but you still do.
But everybody's worried about what they didn't do.
All right,
this is,
ah,
I should have done this.
No,
you shouldn't have.
Right.
I've had people in my life to tell me the most important thing that ever
happened to them was fucking up.
Because if you fuck up,
then you realize you fucked up and that's what motivates you to get away from
fucking Mcdonald's.
I should've never done that.
Of course you should have done it.
I lost everything.
I fucked up getting that marriage a fucking got married.
You should've lost everything now,
you know,
right?
You win.
Now you,
when you got the knowledge,
don't ever let it happen again.
But don't use it as an excuse to just wallow in your own self.
Nothing worse than the wallowing fucking divorced guy.
You know,
he's living in a condo in,
in Marina del Ray,
and he's fucking go to the same bar every night and the same stuck.
He's one of those guys were like,
the woman at Starbucks knows his name because his life has become so simplified
and dumbed down because he's afraid to move forward after a divorce.
Eddie Bravo used to be a DJ,
a strip club when we first met.
And um,
Eddie introduced me to the,
the game of how these girls would go about getting men to buy them things.
Like I'd be friends with these girls.
I knew him through him,
so they were like,
there were nice people then,
you know,
and I didn't have relationships with them so I was just talking to them and they
would tell me about these guys that they were hooking up with that would buy
them cars and shit and how they would do it.
So I visited him at work and a,
I'm like,
what's going on man?
And he's like,
ah,
nothing dude,
check this out.
You're going to talk to this girl.
And then her,
one of her clients when she comes in,
like you got it,
you got to see like this guy just bought her a truck.
He bought her like a Yukon Denali.
And so the girls hanging out,
you know,
hanging out with her friends and this guy comes in who was,
there's a classic story.
It was a wounded gazelle,
55 year old divorced guy.
Works for the post office coming in with his postal jacket on.
Okay.
As norm from cheers,
he bought her a $35,000 car man.
This guy,
he bought her a fucking Yukon Denali,
you know,
it was a nice car,
maybe $35,000 the wrong number.
I'm just throwing it out there,
whatever it is.
He bought her a new car,
so she sees him and she goes,
oh my God.
And she runs over like little baby steps,
like a girl and she's fucking naked man.
She's naked.
She's in her underwear.
She got a bikini on and she goes over and gives us guy a hug and you could see
this guy is defenseless.
There's no way in the world that a girl that looks like that would ever have
that kind of reaction to him.
So he's got to pay for that.
You've got to pay for that and you got to pay for it by buying her a car or
taking care of her fucking credit problem that she's got or you know,
whatever.
You got to figure out how to pay for that shit because there's no other way that
you're going to get that relationship.
But when I watched it,
I was like,
I looked at Eddie and he was like,
that's shit straight mercenary.
Right.
And I was like,
this is crazy.
Like they just,
they put a con game on these guides.
I got a friend who's like,
he seems to like make friends with rich people and now he's a good guy,
but it's weird.
And uh,
he says that if a few of these guys,
they'd really do take care of girls.
They've got like an apartment in New York that she lives in.
She gets a check every month.
I mean,
figure it costs them 50 grand a year and these are guys that have fucking $30
million.
So to have a relationship set up when,
when they come to town,
they don't have to call an escort service and they don't have to go out and try
to make a straight relationship where they have to send flowers and call every
day they come to town.
She's fucking gorgeous,
know,
powerful,
confident.
It's all on the table and they've got like three city set up and it's,
and when,
when he comes to town,
she is a valuable 24 seven whatever the fuck he wants.
And I bet they have some kind of friendship underneath at all.
Maybe not.
Well that would be great if it all worked out like that.
Right?
If,
if,
if that was the arrangement and it all worked out like that.
Right.
But the problem with people is there's no,
there's never really a static state maintains itself for any long periods of
time when it comes to relationships.
You're either kind of all in or you're a drift in and out of each other.
She finds another guy,
Huh?
Yeah.
I mean people are weird.
They did.
It's very difficult to make.
So how are you going to maintain the longterm prostitutional relationships right
here?
Not most likely.
They want people to begin with.
Yeah,
most likely mean you're painted out to be awesome and beautiful.
But the reality is that's not what the girl wants.
She wants to find a guy either if she wants someone to take care of her,
she wants to find a guide to take care of her and her lover and her boyfriend or
her husband or whatever.
And for this guy that thinks that he's going to like maintain it,
you're going to have to manage each one of these situations.
If you're some crazy CEO of some giant corporation,
you've got like four apartments scattered out across the country with chicks
living in them.
You got to maintain these positions.
Yeah.
Like who's who's fucking her when you're not there,
what's happening is anybody planning your death,
you better be sure you know,
do,
what did you sign?
You sign anything crazy,
you know?
Does she have any photographs of your Dick?
Like give for a credit card?
Did you give her a credit card?
Well it's like you,
you,
you'd have to monitor these situations.
This ain't going to be a normal person.
It's going to be a person's willing to fuck you because you paid for them and
you know they might be crazy easily,
might be crazy.
I heard this dude,
I was at the w and a sitting in the lobby waiting and this is dude sitting next
to me and he's got an accent,
sound Scandinavian and he's going,
uh Oh fuck.
I get you on the phone.
You've,
it's so hard to reach lately baby.
Uh,
you know,
I,
I'm so crazy,
but you're so beautiful.
I can't wait to get you out.
You need to stop going to college.
You come on,
I'd take care of.
He never met her and he was talking on the phone,
clearly met on some kind of high end dating service where you get women that you
take care of.
And she was flirting back and they were making plans for her to fly out for a
week.
He was going to take her to the best restaurants in La,
blah blah.
And I was telling her all the things he's going to bribe her with.
Right.
And he had seen her pictures online.
They had talked on the phone clearly a few times and he was closing.
He was making the arrangements to fly her out.
Okay.
Why do we have a problem with that?
Why does anybody have a pride?
I don't think anyone should ever shouldn't.
Right?
Eyes are opening up.
One's eyes are open.
I don't think,
I think all prostitution should be legalized.
I think that whorehouses should be legalized.
I think that having,
having horizontal street or having to go through Craig's list is,
it's horrible.
The reality is people are going to use Horace,
put it on the table,
legalize it,
make them get tested for STDs,
make sure they're keeping their money.
They're not getting fucking beaten up and uh,
and relationships like this should be fine.
Yeah.
It's unbelievably fascinating that you have something that everybody wants and
everybody gets for free.
But as soon as you attach money to it,
it has this massive stigma today.
Right?
Like,
you know,
saying that these prostitution and relationships aren't stable,
what relationships are,
you know,
are you,
you hook up with someone,
is that going to be stable if you just meet people randomly and have sex with
him?
He agreed to have sex with each other.
Is that going to be stable?
You sure it might not be stable either.
You might run into instability every way you turn,
but the main reason why we have all these negativity,
negative ideas attached to the idea of prostitution is because
it's illegal.
What if you hookup one night with a cheque?
You bought dinner,
you bought drinks,
you paid for the cab,
back to the apartment,
you spent all the money.
You guys,
fuck.
How is that different than handing a girl money and having sex with her?
How about all those things are just you dating and there's nothing wrong with
being nice and being nice to someone and taking a friend out or to drive in them
around taking them to a nice restaurant.
Nothing wrong with that.
But then what does she says,
I've got this situation,
um,
I'm three months more than my rent and I don't know what to do.
And you're like,
look,
I'll just take care of it.
Right?
And you write her a check and then she sucked your Dick.
What happened there?
Right?
Did you pay for her to Suck Your Dick?
We don't know.
She might've talked to Dick Anyway.
It might've been like,
listen baby,
you know you don't get money from me,
but you do get Dick and you pull your dick out and then she blows you.
That's different.
Right,
but most guys can't pull that off.
What about,
what about a marriage where the wife does that work has never earned a dime.
She's having sex with you.
That's prostitution according to some people according to some people.
It's certainly is.
I mean of to a lot of male feminists it would be.
Right,
right.
Yeah.
I mean it's,
it's money coming in sex going out.
I mean if that's what you want to look at,
but it's agreements.
It's the problem is the idea of money.
It's agreements where you,
that's where the idea of prostitution sort of,
it comes down to what it comes down to is are people having sex with people that
they might not necessarily have been willing to without any benefit,
but that benefit exists so they are willing to do it.
Is that prostitution?
Because if it,
if that benefit is only money,
then you're,
you're defining sex for something as sex for money.
That's prostitution,
but everything is sex for something.
Like you were talking about the Ferrari thing before.
If you're at a club and you see a guy pull up in a Ferrari and you go home with
that guy,
part of the reason you went home with him is you saw the Ferrari.
There's not dollars exchanged,
but there is an implicit understanding this dude's got money and he spends it
like a fucking lunatic.
Yup.
And you want to be around that.
That's a good point that he spends it like a fucking lunatic.
That's a great point because that's really what it is.
A guy who's so flashy,
he's driving a $250,000 car.
He's not going to hesitate to give you a couple grand here and there,
right.
You know,
you want to buy a new pair of shoes.
He's like,
here,
I don't fucking peels off some hundreds,
right?
Gives you a kiss on the cheek and goes back to doing business.
Buy,
sell,
buy,
sell
some crazy.
Right?
Multimillionaire Maniac banker.
Dude in.
It's a party and you just got invited.
You're going to be around here as fucking this guy who doesn't give a shit about
money.
He knows he's gonna die soon because he's on Adderall and he's chain smoking and
he's a drunk,
and wherever you go,
you're eating the best steaks.
You're getting into the best clubs.
Life is fucking good.
Oh yeah.
And I'm fucking him.
Yeah.
You're,
there's that at the end of the night,
Ivan's wife and every,
when you show up at the country club,
oh,
Ms Nick Blevin priests come on in and you've got a little poodle with you and
you fucking walking your $3,000 shoes and you waddle in there and take your
tennis lesson,
your tennis player fucking bones,
you in the locker room and he knows it.
Then the husband says,
bring them over.
I want to watch.
Oh,
Jesus thanked.
It's ugly.
A lot of guys won't do that,
bro.
I don't think that's a normal thing.
No,
I don't think that's a watching a lot of the watch.
That's a weird thing.
And then the cuckold porn,
just Latino.
Cut The a point.
Where do you find that?
I haven't really typing cuckold porn.
Don't do it Brian.
But if he can you tell if it's real or not?
No,
of course not.
But it's casting couch is fucking real.
I don't care what anybody says.
Sometimes it's real.
Sometimes it's not.
The main thing is before they do anything,
they have to sign like agreements,
STD tests to get tested.
So that's reason why because legally
they have to get a test within 30 days of the book or was that just in
California and aren't a lot of these done in other states where the water in
Arizona,
you know,
laws are different all over the country.
All I know is on just one sir.
There's one certain guy,
the famous guys got the black leather couch.
He but he blots out his face,
they come in and it's one shot.
There is,
you can tell by the way it's cut together,
that conversation,
that whole sequence of events is not edited.
There's no fucking missing minutes there.
And,
and I'll tell you right now,
you could not get a of what you could and love it.
You could not get the Cate Blanchett to come in and perform in a way that says
hello in a nervous way,
gets brought through the various steps of I have to take my clothes off.
I have to suck your Dick.
I'm telling you,
these women,
you know,
porn actress can't act right.
This shit is real and it's all I watch.
Well,
maybe I fucking love it because it's real man.
When you see that,
when you see the confusion and the slight fear in her eyes when she gets on her
knees and this guy's office,
I don't know why,
but that appeals to me.
Well,
it appeals to you because you're a nice guy and because you respect women,
that's what it is.
And you know that that experience is never going to happen to you in your life.
Wish that at one point in time you could be that animal that pulls out his giant
ticket.
You want to suck it.
You want to suck at.
Come here once you show me how you suck that Dick.
Oh yeah,
I wish I could do that.
But you rent the office.
You wouldn't do that.
If the girl came into your office,
she'd be like,
okay,
you're very beautiful,
but look,
if you really were going to do porn,
do you know how bad that would fuck up your life?
Your parents would be so disappointed if I was your father,
I'd be so upset.
Please get out of here.
Don't do porn.
That's what you would do.
You wouldn't be that animal.
Not only that,
this guy ahead of time rented an office,
bought video,
cameras them up.
Yeah,
that's the guy and you know it.
It wasn't like it's Brian.
Don't don't show
a girl were to come up to you in a hoary way and you took advantage of it.
That's fucking bad.
But this is,
it's like the difference between murder and premeditated murder.
Well,
you know what,
it's just more wounded.
Antelopes man,
ain't nothing wrong with it.
I mean,
there's nothing wrong with,
if you're a guy and you have an office and you get some adult female to come
over and blow you on film because she wants to be a porn star lying and you're
telling her that you're going to get her work with the,
that's the whole caveat is he says he's going to get them work and he's not
douchey.
You shouldn't be jerking off to that.
Right.
I know.
I swear to you.
I try other ones.
I try,
I'm going to try this a,
I'm cuckold porn.
You don't want to.
Um,
I had a friend who was out,
he went to this club and a,
or a party rather,
and he met this guy and his wife and the guy,
uh,
but like pushed the wife towards him and said,
you know,
he's your type like talk to him.
And my friend was like,
what the fuck?
Like thinking of the husband was going to be jealous.
And she was like,
no,
he
likes me to hook up with guys.
And he was like,
what?
And she was like,
yeah,
he likes me too.
And he like,
he,
he'll,
uh,
he'll let me blow you in front of him.
And so they're outside sitting on a porch and his wife starts sucking his dick
and he's telling his wife had to do it,
like rub his balls,
were always balls,
maybe go deeper,
go deeper baby.
And he goes,
and I come in this girl's mouth,
and I was,
he was,
I couldn't have run away.
Correct.
He goes,
I was just so horrified after it was over.
It's like the creepiness of it all wasn't even,
it wasn't even available to him.
It's silly.
Nutted in this woman's mouth while the husband is saying,
uh,
you know,
like,
I think the husband might even said to him,
coming around,
cum in her mouth,
and he was like,
wait a minute,
what?
You can tell?
Like it was weird,
I guess when he was telling the woman what to do to him,
but when he told him what to do with the woman calming or mouth,
and he was like,
oh my God,
this is the craziest fucking experience ever.
And he said it was like one of those things where,
uh,
Eddie Bravo has that expression,
post nuts syndrome after you come.
It's almost like postpartum.
Like women get depressed sometimes after they give babies like this guys,
you get depressed after they come because they realize like,
what did I let my Dick talk me into?
Oh my God,
I get out of here.
He goes,
I've never had a worse expression.
Expression of that post nuts syndrome.
Yeah.
He,
the dude just run away from it.
He's a really good looking young guys,
an actor and I guess,
I guess it was probably one of those things where he had never like been around
anything like that before and he didn't even know it was real.
And then I'll like,
before he knows it,
this woman who's really hot and the guy seems really nice,
is blowing him in front of her husband on a porch party in the dark,
just nestled into a corner,
you know,
like chairs turned sideways to the husband's looking out to make sure nobody
walks down the hallway and she's sucking his deck and he comes in her mouth and
the guy's giving him instruction,
cum in her mouth coming around.
He's like,
what?
Wait a minute.
So as he's nutting,
he's thinking about a guy telling him to come and he was like,
oh,
I got to get the phone.
Got It.
Here.
I remember my worst one.
My word,
postpartum nut.
Postnet syndrome.
Eddie Bravo.
Trade Mac.
Trademark word.
My worst post nuts syndrome does Dave Attell.
Should we take it
powerful.
Take it,
take it,
put it up to the speaker phone.
Hello.
Okay.
It's not,
it's not David Salle.
Yeah,
no,
I hung up.
It's a girl.
He's the only girls.
Oh,
that's it.
He,
I don't know why he's like the only unknown.
Holly's phone blocked.
Yeah,
he's crazy.
But my worry.
So I was in Spain,
I was 18 years old and I was in May,
Orca by myself and uh,
it was fucking snowing and may arc or for the first time in 40 years.
And so,
uh,
I'm staying in this shitty hoods.
I had been in Denmark,
I was traveling around Europe for like six months by myself and uh,
they,
it was fucking freezing in Denmark and there were these tour packages,
you know,
like how did you can go to The Bahamas for like no money and includes a hotel
room.
It was like one of those where it was like 250 bucks to go to New York and
fucking hotel.
So I go and it's like the sleaziest,
cockroach ridden,
rundown,
Moldy hotel and I'm sitting in the bar and I'm just drinking away the sadness
because I thought I was escaping a Denmark to gets,
I was going to lay out the sun and it's fucking snowing.
And so I get drunk and the bartender is this nasty old Spanish wench and I get
so drunk that I go,
she's got a room in the hotel and I go in there and it's like this sad sheetless
mattress and I have just horrible sex with her.
And then I had that nut that postdocs goes nuts syndrome real because then you
wake up,
hung over and you wonder do you have a disease?
And then I,
and then the next night I walked past her room and I hear her going at it with
another guy and I brought the nuts syndrome back again.
Oh my God.
Did you wash your Dick?
Scrub it?
Did you catch anything?
No.
Wow.
Amazing that that girl is clean.
But some 20 year old college girl,
Debbie commedia.
Right.
Oh,
crazy.
Yup.
We'll be honest.
Have you watched porn with a,
a girl with another girl,
but the girl,
the other girl has it Dick.
So instead of a guy fucking a girl,
it's uh,
yeah.
I don't enjoy that transgender woman or that's pretty hot.
That doesn't sound hot.
Like a woman who had a penis added onto her?
No,
no,
no.
It's a woman,
a man who's becoming a woman,
so just got fake tits man with fake tits.
Oh.
Oh God.
It looks like a woman.
Really,
but with a Dick,
you like that.
What's better than than guy girl?
Because he could see boobs and it looks like two girls.
You keep saying this and it's still not great if you looked at that.
No,
it's not good.
You said this more than once,
so disagrees.
You would rather see a guy than a ridiculous idea.
You know?
I know what you're trying to
stop.
Brian.
Brian,
what is it?
Here's the thing about Brian is you're a fucked up dude,
right?
You put out,
you put out a lot of fucked up stuff about yourself.
Like you say things like that,
and we know your sex life and you get your nicotine thing and he smoked pot and
and your film.
You're a filthy deviant,
right?
Yeah.
On paper,
you put that out.
I think there's a weirder guy underneath it that you're even hiding with this
persona.
What are you talking to the moon?
Cause I think he's a really dark,
dark dude.
I pretty much say all the dark shit I do though.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Why do you say that?
He's not dark,
dark.
You don't think he's that does a sweetheart.
Brian's a sweetheart.
I just mean sexually.
No,
no,
no.
I don't know Brian.
He likes porn and he likes girls.
He's like one of the easiest going guys ever.
Like Brian has.
There's nothing like dark in there.
No,
no.
It's not going to kill anybody.
Oh No,
no,
no.
He's saying he doesn't even get mad at him.
He would cry.
He's a crier.
Yeah.
Sweetheart cried the other day at the comedy store.
He's a sweet guy.
All right,
I see you in a hall.
Yeah,
you can't think of them that way.
People get,
look,
he look,
here's what he is.
He's a Weirdo.
You know?
And when,
when you meet a Weirdo there,
what they are is something that doesn't fit into your box.
So you'd go,
ah,
I bet there's something going on there that I'm missing.
Yeah,
I know the dude pretty well.
He's not,
he's just a Weirdo,
but we're all Weirdos.
But his Weirdo is like,
it's very difficult to categorize.
It's very difficult to put into a box.
What is Brian?
Well,
here's the crazy thing about Brian is I don't know what your future holds
because I know you spend all your fucking money and I think you're making decent
money.
You're working with rogue and this is a exploding a medium that you guys are
involved in and it's not a big crew.
And I know Joe's generous,
so I know you're making decent cash and you saved none of it.
And I think about your future sometimes.
Why would you have a why?
What's all this negativity?
Think about its future.
Let's stop and think about this way.
Okay.
Without blowing up anybody spot.
He does very well.
Yeah.
Like with girls,
he lives a ridiculous leisure life of comedy and podcasts and laughing and being
stoned all the time.
Yeah.
He's having sex when he wants it.
He like,
you can't buy that,
right?
Like if you wanted to like pay for that subscription and like you wanted to
fill,
fulfill that lifestyle,
like how,
how would you even work that out?
It would be really hard to engineer.
That's a fucking very difficult job to pull up and to be silly like he's been,
this isn't wrong there.
He just,
he's not fitting into your one or stand when your standard paradigm.
Yeah,
I'm puzzled by it.
but you shouldn't be Brian.
He's,
he's silly.
He is who he is,
but there's nothing wrong.
Maybe I'm jealous.
That's exactly what it is.
He's getting the got jealous,
jealous of him all the time.
You're like the opposite of May.
You don't have a lot of responsibility.
You're in the moment.
Yeah,
but why is that bad?
Because everyone's going to die.
Dude.
What's one of the things we talked about earlier?
Why is it bad for him to be living this way?
You know,
one of the things that I've always said,
I have a real issue with people that want to tell me or tell anybody.
I used to have it before I had kids and I still have it now.
They want to tell you that you need to do something like you need to grow up or
you need to have kids.
You had kids you'd understand,
right?
You don't need to have kids.
Guess what?
You can be a great person without kids.
I,
uh,
enjoy having kids.
I love my kids.
I love having a family.
I love the whole process.
But if you don't want to do it,
there's nothing wrong with that.
Anybody who doesn't want to,
you can absolutely contribute to society just as much.
If you're not a parent,
you can put out as much energy as you want,
put out as much good and love and fun and,
and reach as many David ground road
badness by not having a kid when you shouldn't
or not or not.
You know,
maybe you'd have a kid in your life would change around.
You'd be a better person and you'd be more giving because you really love this
kid and it opens up the sort of door of compassion inside your soul.
That's a possibility too.
And I've seen both.
But the idea that you need to do anything stupid and people just always telling
me that you're like,
oh,
you need to grow up.
You need to grow up to do,
to die to what?
To fall into line to fucking follow a pattern.
You don't need to do anything.
Nobody to do anything.
You need to breathe.
You need to eat food.
The rest of his is the structure that we've sort of invented to sort of give
ourselves something to do.
When we wake up in the morning,
well,
I am tying to go to work.
Work's not real.
The car's not real.
Life's not real.
This is what's real heartbeats.
And when those bitches stop,
all that shit that you created and stockpiled and worked for means not thing.
These are objects that don't even exist when you're dead.
When you're dead,
you're gonna go to another dimension where you can't take this shit with you,
you know,
or not,
or delights just shut off.
This is why you took LSD and I didn't.
I haven't accepted death.
You've embraced death.
Well.
Are you working backwards from it?
Are you willing to do a psychedelic?
I think I am.
Would you be willing to do I think I would do anything.
Would you do something under like a clinical setting or would you be willing to
get dirty and go out to Joshua Tree and take mushrooms?
I would need to be led by a shaman.
I'd have to be with somebody like you or I got a few people that I would take it
with so things go wrong.
They could get me back.
I could take one person through some experiences,
but it would have to really know that you wanted to do it and I would have to
really trust you.
You are really trust and I know you can handle shit.
You know like I trust you implicitly.
Like I would never worry about you freaking out,
but you have to be real careful who you introduced these things too because I
think without a doubt psychedelic experiences should be something that someone
is chasing and you certainly shouldn't promote it to someone who isn't chasing
it and try to push it on them.
If they're not chasing,
you have to be going towards it.
Yeah,
I joke around about that all the time and I just want to like,
I never,
I mean I joke around about you,
you know what you need to do.
You do need to do mushrooms,
mother fucker.
All right,
I'll joke around about that.
But the reality is you shouldn't do mushrooms unless you want to do mushrooms.
If you have this desire to try to experience that,
if you have this intense desire to find out what's on the other side,
then you do it.
But if you don't,
is it
creative person?
I'm always looking for a way,
I mean it's like Jim Morrison and the doors were called the door is because it
was based on a poem by,
uh,
Blake.
That is that that drugs can be the doorway to knowledge,
to understanding what we said earlier about Carl Sagan,
Carl Sagan quote,
right?
I mean,
that's what [inaudible] was saying.
He found beneficial drugs that don't impede your health.
That's what he found in marijuana was a big one.
Right.
He says smoked pot and fucking look through telescopes.
I mean was it was one of the most influential scientific minds of our generation
or any generation.
Yeah.
I mean he,
he was the voice of Science in the 20th century.
I mean he's a fucking incredible human being.
And he was a pothead.
Yeah.
And I think cocaine is also something that can be a,
a pot like I think it's not as,
it's not as addictive as a lot of other drugs.
And I think for young people to really go out and really have the night of their
life,
they should.
And like you said,
it shouldn't be forced on them.
But if you embrace coke on your prom night and say I'm going to fucking,
I'm going to drink champagne and you're going to have an amazing night and
you're not,
or you're in jail for fucking murder,
you know,
that's a possibility too.
I've been around people that are on coke and I've never done it myself,
but I don't like it.
I don't like that crazy speedy up thing where they're dangerous.
Well cause a lot of times you're snorting speed is the problem cause it's
stepped on so many times.
But if you know you're getting real coke,
I mean,
how many cultures,
uh,
chew on coca leaf.
That's true.
And that's it.
Very different psychoactive experience.
And the process cocaine though,
we should be really clear on that.
I remember just thinking to try and that cocoa leaves are safe and they're
addictive.
Might get emotional.
He me get addicted to beaten off.
You get addicted to anything.
It's just a psychological addiction.
But as far as physical addiction,
I don't believe it.
Those coca leaves are addictive.
I think they have a better,
um,
health profile than,
a lot of things that we take on a regular basis.
We got to think of anything that's growing naturally is better than like,
you know,
methamphetamine.
Even that they say the,
what's the,
the active drug in it,
which I guess is,
um,
amphetamine.
I nothing in front of me is it,
isn't it?
I mean,
that's what methamphetamine is,
right?
It's a methyl something math.
So it's like Adderall is basically math.
It's a part of it.
I mean,
it's a part of the family and amphetamine.
Yeah.
I mean,
it is most certainly related.
Right.
You know,
okay,
let's,
let's Google that and find out related to Adderall,
but I know that whatever it fucking immediate when you,
that's,
you know,
when you type into Google search immediately knows what you're gonna say.
The methamphetamine it related to add Durrell no shit.
It knows because apparently it is.
Yeah.
The,
um,
whatever,
whatever they're selling has meth now I guess is not,
uh,
is not so rigid.
And the same thing that ecstasy ecstasy is completely changed.
I remember when you used to go to a pharmacy or I guess it still is,
and you have to stop
when you buy cough syrup,
like certain cough medicine,
coding pills and shit.
You have to assign things,
give them your address and give them your name.
Like you have to like,
you have to register that
this cough medicine so you don't make meth with it.
Oh,
you're talking about over the counter?
yeah,
yeah.
Bennett drill I think is yeah.
Different.
Yeah.
Apparently that's how they're,
they're making meth.
They'll like hijack a giant shipment of the shit.
Yeah.
You imagine if you're a person who like is a truck driver and you're just
driving around with Benadryl and you think,
hey man,
you know what,
I'm just,
you know,
no big deal.
Just driving around with some pharmaceutical company.
Yeah.
Might as well have tires back there.
I got Benadryl.
Meanwhile these people are looking at you like you're a fucking target man.
They start trying to figure out how to hijack you and they pull you over and put
a fucking gun in your mouth and force you to get out of the car and duct tape
you.
Cause you got cough drops.
Right,
right.
And that you don't realize he got the gold wagon.
You have one of the key ingredients,
one of the biggest illegal drugs in the country and one of the most addictive
illegal drugs.
And one of the,
if you want to have,
I mean,
I'm just guessing,
but sold by the biggest cons,
you know,
I mean,
he's not the whole thing about breaking bad.
Everybody's a fucking savage.
They're all animals.
Yeah.
And that's also what comes out of,
um,
North Korea meth.
It's a fucking factory.
They said country weed is legal there though.
Is it?
Yeah.
Good luck.
Good smell,
good shine.
It gives a shit.
You're starving to death.
What would they chewing and did you see,
uh,
the Tom Hanks movie with the pirate?
Yeah.
It's called cat.
It's a,
it's a,
um,
uh,
it's,
it's some sort of a stimulant.
It's um,
available in Africa.
They chew it a lot.
Let's,
let's,
uh,
it's calledK ,
h a t.
Um,
and it stands for a,
the term is edible cat.
That's the,
uh,
the actual,
um,
the pronunciation among communities in these areas are not the punch of that,
that definition of it.
It's called Kythera,
like Katha Katha at Julius,
um,
or edible cat.
It's a flowering plant that's native to the Horn of Africa and it's an
amphetamine said to cause excitement,
loss of appetite and euphoria.
So it's just a straight,
straight up amphetamines chew it.
And it's an amphetamine 1980.
The World Health Organization classified it as a drug of choice that can produce
mild to moderate,
moderate psychological dependence less than tobacco or alcohol.
I used to take Adderall for years.
Yeah,
I know.
I remember you,
uh,
you,
you were one of the first guys that ever got me interested in that.
I know I've still yet to experiment with Adderall,
but I've heard amazing things about God's cleaning up.
Their office
office was fucking clean.
I mean it was real like my,
my socks.
I got crazy with that shit man.
Don't you stop.
Well,
I switched to a patch that has a,
a different type of Adderall.
Makes it spike and I,
you know,
again,
I say this by always saying,
if you think it might be right for you,
go to a psychopharmacologist,
get evaluated,
get prescribed,
don't,
don't try shit from your friends.
Don't self medicate.
Especially you don't know what the dosages is.
Origin,
you start with five milligrams,
you move up.
So I basically,
I was writing a book and a,
I realized my whole life,
I mean you go back and look at my report cards,
everything in my life.
I couldn't stick with one thing and I was diagnosed with ADHD and it was a
perfect fit.
I took this shit in my life change.
All of a sudden I finished the book,
I was writing on a TV show and I'd been struggling.
All of a sudden I was getting scripts done.
Um,
my personal life,
it helped.
I was,
I was more present and it was right for me.
I don't,
I don't think it's right for everybody because if you take it and you get
jittery and excited,
you don't have ADHD and you shouldn't take it.
But if you,
if you calm down then,
then it's right.
I've known more than one person that has an issue with it though I'm sure a lot
of people do.
And the W W I know more than one person that has had an issue with overdosing,
not overdosing,
like having an overdose,
but taking more than they're supposed to take.
Yeah,
I'll give you supposed to take one pill.
They took two or whatever,
whatever it is that they're doing.
But I've more than one person who I've met that has had an issue in,
had a hard time quitting it.
And I think it has a lot of the addictive same addictive properties of meth.
So in your experience,
what was it like getting off of it?
Well,
I transitioned onto this other thing on,
so there's,
there's no,
there was no come down now.
I mean every day I felt a crash.
That's the problem with Adderall.
As you go up and it's over man.
It's a bad hour and that's why I sleep.
And then no,
you just,
you just kind of crash.
You feel low blood sugar free and you know,
you,
you lose your momentum completely.
You get it back.
And it's only an hour.
I used to take another one.
Yeah.
I just take a half a one in the late afternoon.
Oh Wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
So you had to stay dosed,
but yeah,
but you know what,
I never felt that way.
It didn't,
I didn't feel right.
He didn't feel balanced.
Focused may be balanced out.
Yeah.
I got the energy that you needed to do the things that you're curious about and
things you're ambitious about it.
And so it gave you,
it didn't give you ambitious as much as they'll let you pursue your inhibitions
cause it gives you some energy.
And let me follow through because I think with Adhd you hit a wall and you don't
have what it does.
Is it essentially people with Adhd,
their,
they're their um,
uh,
how do you describe distracted?
Easily?
They're distracted because they're,
they're not stimulated in the same way other people are.
They need to jack it up so they can get in sync.
Their mind can get in sync with them physically.
So physically you have to be brought up a little bit.
That's interesting.
I wonder what the fucking,
what is the origin of all that stuff?
Hyperactive disorder.
Is it just the fact that,
this is my question on all,
all these things is this is just the way we're programmed and going to school
and the resistance of that programming.
Do people get add and Adhd if they're just allowed to do whatever the fuck they
want to do?
Does that happen?
Like it has to do with depression.
With me,
we have a lot of depression in my family.
So it's a biological issue.
Yeah.
I think that our baseline is extremely low and this was able to bring mine up a
little bit.
So that I could not,
with depression,
when you fit,
when you face any kind of pushback or resistance you tend to give into it.
And this let me push right through it and over it where I barely noticed a lot
of the things that would have stopped me down before.
But that's interesting.
Well,
I'm glad we talked about this because I think it's good to have a nuanced point
of view on these things and so oftentimes when you talking about any sort of a
drug that anyone has had a problem with,
you associate the drug with problems,
right?
Like,
and not with the,
you know,
the full balanced perspective of,
look,
you know,
it's also good for,
I think it's like we said before,
self medication.
That's the problem is that people don't,
you got to trust your doctor and you got to go to a good doctor.
You know,
I knew a guy who was,
his family had mental illness issues and he would self medicate because of that.
He would always just get fucked up because of that.
But it was almost like he was trying to escape.
His current is his static state.
He was aware he didn't enjoy,
well,
there's a huge incidence of ADHD with creative people,
with writers and that,
and most of them do smoke because smoking is essentially what you're doing with
Adderall.
It's giving you those bolts,
those jolts of energy and focus.
Yeah.
That is what it is.
Right?
That's what Stephen King talked about when he quit smoking his book on writing.
So one of the most profound changes in his writing was when he stopped smoking.
He just wasn't getting that same neural synaptic response that he was getting
when was sucking on those
cigarettes all the time.
Yeah.
I think people also,
creative people live dangerous lives.
They're trying to shock themselves into a higher state because that's when the
juices start to flow.
Yeah.
Sometimes when you fire up the furnace of the imagination,
you know,
you fire it up with emotions or fear or whatever it is,
you fire it up.
But sometimes I'm the most creative after like I've eaten so much pot that I'm
just terrified that I'm going to die.
I break down my whole life and then when I come out of it,
I'm just,
I'm just running from the devil.
I can't believe I'm still alive and I have to like write things down,
you know?
Is that a good thing?
Yeah.
Yeah,
yeah.
Yeah.
Because there's no health detract.
Did a detraction.
It's not,
nothing goes wrong with it.
So it's not like
so do you consciously do that?
Yeah.
I'm going to take a lot right now.
And you'd take a wet early in the day?
No,
it depends on what I don't want to ever do it with my kids are home.
I do it either on the road or a do it when I know that I have time or do it
because it's not a functional state.
I used to,
I like to do it when everyone's asleep,
you know?
That's a good time to do it.
Take cause you can,
you know,
it's only an hour or two and like if your adrenaline gets shocked into it,
like a foreign alarm goes off,
you can function if you're really high.
It's not like functioning on acid,
right.
DMT or something like that,
like while it's going on,
well actually DMTs pretty quick,
but you what you get out of it out of being so terrified and when you get out of
it about the deep psychological journey and this weird opening of all these
different portals of the imagination which get out of it is a direct result of
the fear that it puts into you while you're on it.
A direct result of the awareness of all the things that you're avoiding,
like especially your own mortality.
You're temporary time on this life.
You are finite existence.
The finite existence of the earth itself to find out an existence of the son.
The fact that the son didn't even get born until 10 billion years into the
universe and we go,
well this is all gonna end.
It doesn't matter what you,
you could live forever.
It's still going to end.
Yeah,
that's my infinity to me is always the one word.
It's the show stopper.
Every time I talk to like a Ari Shaffir or somebody who's a complete atheist and
they want to negate any sense you have in in the mysticism or any possibility.
I always just go,
okay,
so what's infinity?
They just want to talk about how scientists are eventually going to figure this
shit out.
It's like,
no they don't.
Scientists used to think the world was flat and it made perfect fucking sense
with the,
with the amount of information they had,
they had made fucking sense and right now all this stuff I started about like
dark matter and all that stuff is it's the best we can do with what we got.
The more we can perceive,
the more questions is going to be,
you're never going to get to infinity
most likely or maybe they will.
I mean who knows if human beings can keep going at exponential increasing pace.
If we keep going for a million years,
who knows what we can do,
but isn't it amazing we wrap our head around when you stop,
you could literally think about infinity for infinity.
You,
you can't,
you can't ever get there.
Get there.
You can't wrap your head around the fact that something cannot,
well,
you know,
even weirder.
It's
not just a,
it cannot end,
but there's infinite versions of it,
right?
And somehow or another,
the universe is supposed to be a closed system.
Like not,
not,
I shouldn't say closed system,
but it's,
it has a shape and you,
you go,
like as you,
you know,
you go out there and like deep,
deep,
deep into the universe,
it,
it eventually turns around and you know,
you,
you get to the end somewhere.
Well they say the galaxy has a movement,
it's spheric and it actually moves up and down.
Well,
what's even more bizarre is when they start talking about the black holes in the
center of the galaxies,
meeting other universes.
Meaning if you go inside of them and there's hundreds of billions of new
galaxies with black holes and hundreds of billions in new universes,
like that's the real infinity.
The real infinity isn't just that.
When you look at it in the space,
it goes on forever.
It doesn't just go on forever.
Each one of those lights that you see most likely is a part of another group
that's also a portal to another place that has a fucking untold,
the hundreds of billions of other portals,
and you go through them and there's untold hundreds of billions of other,
and each one of them is a universe,
and each one of them is almost essentially infinite.
And within the realm of those things that we can perceive and those universes,
there are wavelengths and energy levels and spectrums of light that vibrate at a
different level.
So that's infinity.
There is no lowest wavelength or highest wavelength.
They continue in either direction within those states,
and by the way,
it also does the same thing inward.
That's what's even more fuck.
It goes inward and an infinite direction too,
to our lowest measurable point where everything acts as if it's on magic.
The Lowest Measurable Point Being Quantum physics.
When they started talking about particle theory and they start observing Adams
in super positions,
subatomic particles and super positions,
which means they're moving and still at the same time and they blink in and out
of existence and the lowest measurable point of reality itself,
it's magic.
Things disappear and they appear like
you bought within that,
like what Einstein was trying to prove with unified field theory is that within
all of those systems,
there is a consistency that there are physical laws that from what we can tell,
and he could never really put it together,
but that is from a muscle,
we can tell the movement within your molecular,
the molecular level is the same as the macrocosm of the way the planets have
gravitational force on each other.
It's all unified.
Totally makes sense.
It totally makes sense.
That inward is outward and that as you look out into the universe,
essentially where you looking at is a subatomic particles have a fucking Adam
that exists in another human being,
you know,
and that human being,
and that's really what infinity is.
Infinity as that human being is a part of a galaxy.
And that galaxy is a part of more subatomic particles that are in the cell of
another beam.
It lives in another galaxy and it never ends.
And that's when you get high.
You freak out.
Yeah.
It's so hard to take yourself seriously.
You aren't shit man.
No one's shit.
We're all not in.
We've got to end this podcast.
I've got another one coming up and you had to get out of here at two 45.
Yeah,
I can't believe you knew another three hour one.
absolutely.
Rocket.
So you can eat lunch.
Uh,
no.
I don't need anything.
Uh,
we're full Greg Fitzsimmons.
You're special.
It's available on Netflix.
Life on stage.
My one hour special that was on comedy central this year.
Check that out.
Glorious past this fits dog radio on iTunes and Greg Fitz show f I t z show is
his Twitter either.
Best brother.
I love you,
man.
Thanks for having me do this more often.
Let's play some fucking pool.
I'm putting in a table out here,
dude.
I'm around for like three weeks.
Let's fuck.
Let's do it.
Fuck man.
Let's do one every other week.
Let's hang out.
Okay.
All right.
Love you buddy.
Uh,
Greg Fitzsimmons.
I was very,
uh,
an enthusiastic,
lovey back,
awkward.
Both friend does that to you and says they love you.
I love you man.
That's even weirder.
He looked at me.
Look at me.
Any,
hold on me from Ip,
uh,
Greg Fitz show on Twitter and also fits dog radio available on iTunes and on
serious Howard One oh one.
What time is it?
Airline Mondays at 4:00 PM on the west coast.
Oh,
Rofo Greg for two moons.
And you could also go to his website and all tour dates and all that good shit
is up there.
Powerful Greg.
Fitzsimmons.
Good Times.
Uh,
we are brought to you today by Squarespace.
Go to squarespace.com and use the code word Joe and save yourself 10%.
Is that correct?
I hate not knowing all these things.
Correct?
Yeah,
it is.
Hold on dude.
You do to um,
Squarespace.
Yes,
that is good.
So you use the code word Joe.
Save 10% off your first purchase.
squarespace.com enter the code.
Joe.
Thanks also to [inaudible] Dot Com o.
N.
I.
T,
use the Codeword Rogan and save 10% off any and all supplements.
All right.
I'll be back in about 10 minutes.
See a hollow.
Awesome.